{"title":"I Enjoyed It","review":"Being a Taylor Sheridan fan I've been looking forward to Special Ops: Lioness ever since I first heard about it. Then I saw the trailers and my excitement grew. This is definitely another hit in a long line of hits for Sheridan. It seems like whatever he does is terrific. This follows the story of Joe (Zoe Saldana) who works for the CIA and their war on terror. As she struggles to balance her personal and professional lives she recruits an undercover operative named Cruz (Laysla De Oliveira) into the Lioness Program to work alongside her in stopping some terrorists. Morgan Freeman, Nicole Kidman, Michael Kelly, Jill Wagner and LaMonica Garrett also star in the terrific series.","rating":"8\/10","date":"8 December 2023"}
{"title":"Entertaining","review":"Special Ops: Lioness had me hooked from the very first episode. This is the next great series by the mastermind of Taylor Sheridan (Yellowstone, 1923, 1883, Mayor of Kingstown, Tulsa King, etc). I would watch this series if I knew nothing more than Sheridan created it. Then add in the fact of all the star power starring in it...Zoe Saldana, Morgan Freeman, Nicole Kidman, Michael Kelly, Laysla De Oliveira, etc. While this isn't the best show from Sheridan, it's still very entertaining and worth watching. Yes, some of it's unbelievable but if you can just turn your brain off and enjoy it for what it is you'll have a good time watching this. The only negative so far is that you have to wait a week between episodes, I like it better when they release the whole season at one time so you can binge it.","rating":"8\/10","date":"1 November 2023"}
{"title":"Obligatory angry teenager absolutely pointless and exasperating","review":"Why, why do they always insist on having one teen character who is continuously angry and acts irrationally? It has *never* done any TV show any good. Zoe Saldana's daughter is full-on stereotype, all the sorry-arse angry teenager tropes bundled in one character. One minute you are watching a show about secret operatives in the Middle East, the next you are subjected to never-ending scenes of family turmoil caused by one selfish teenager that *no one in the world cares about*.My advice: fast forward all the scenes where she appears. They add absolutely nothing - zip - nada - zilch to the storyline. Skipping them will do wonders for your blood pressure.","rating":"","date":"27 September 2023"}
{"title":"Inspired by real events from the War on Terror","review":"I have to laugh at the all the down-voting tough guys here, blathering on that no woman could ever..., it's impossible, blah blah blah. They're the type of men that drove so many women into the overcrowded women's shelter featured early on in the first episode.It says it on the tin, \"Inspired by an actual US Military program...as the tip of the CIA's spear in the war on terror.\" With the extensive use of military hardware and footage, it obviously has the backing of the US military.If Audie Murphy hadn't been widely lionized and publicized as a winner of the Congressional Medal of Honor, how many people would believe that a 5' 4\" grade school dropout, weighing 112 lb, was America's greatest ever WWII hero?How soon these tough keyboard warriors forget that the CIA operative who tracked down Bin Ladin was a woman who was subjected to much of the same criticism and sexist stereotyping that inspires these 'military experts' to give this show one or two stars.It's not the best 'war on terror' show I've seen, but it's pretty good and if inspires at least one young woman to join the armed forces and achieve even some of the feats shown here, that's a good thing for America and womanhood around the world.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 August 2023"}
{"title":"Not to be Missed!!","review":"Authors of the appallingly negative reviews of this thrilling series are entitled to their opinions. However, they appear driven by a particular agenda and seem unduly fixated on minutiae. E.g., how realistic is Laysla de Oliveira's pull-up sequence? Many of the negative critics claim direct subject matter experience. Well, so do I. While Lioness may contain enough technical misses to keep it from qualifying as a special operations documentary, there are so many more details that it gets right - some of them startlingly so - so that it stands head and shoulders above most of the programming that one would compare it to. For example, I, myself, switched to Lioness after starting out watching Heart of Stone. I usually enjoy Gal Gadot, but I wanted to see something with a bit more red meat. Lioness delivers, and how! From the action and plot to a relatable cast of characters embodied by a truly stellar cast, it's all eminently bingeable!","rating":"8\/10","date":"16 August 2023"}
{"title":"Why the hate?","review":"Why the hate people, it's a tv series.It's fictional and says so on the tin so why the hell people are posting \" women ain't operators in real life\".So bloody what if they are making themselves into somebody they are not.Men do it real life and get away with it so why can't women pretend?Ridiculous how every single thing is picked at these days instead of just watching.People posting essays?It's a tv show and I'm liking it.It's had a lot of money go into the production and it shows.Really good actors and that CIA mick from jack ryan sure does get around.Overall, just watch for yourself and remember it's not real so the reality doesn't matter.ITS A TV SHOW.","rating":"8\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Strong cast draws you in, but weak plot","review":"A show that's easy to watch and can draw you in simply because the actors are so good at what they do.As for the plot, I don't mind the unbelievable, which I think makes for good stories. Eg. A main character is easily able to take down a trained soldier three or four times her body weight, even after being tortured. But that's like a knight defeating a dragon in a fairytale - it feels good when she does *because* it wouldn't happen in real life.And the show doesn't shy away from tying up its characters in the struggles of daily life. That helps with character development and is also what lets the actors show off their range.Unfortunately, the overall plot lets it down in the end, with just a few too many easy ways out for the writers. Two big let downs were a friendship turned romance, as if the writers couldn't work out how to build a strong enough emotional connection based on the former. And a weird flip in government leader decisions that seems as if it was meant to add tension, but did nothing but distract from the flow of the story and make some side characters seem contrived and two dimensional.","rating":"6\/10","date":"10 August 2023"}
{"title":"Pretty good start","review":"Mr. Sheridan knows how to bring us into testosterone-fueled, macho worlds without cliche and, seemingly, without agenda. It is what it is. No apologies necessary. His characters are always grounded and he's extremely adept at casting. But to be great you need to write good parts for women. The writing needs to be as good, if not better, than it is for men. Dudes are simple. Women are smarter, more complex. Beth on Yellowstone (great character and performance) the barrel riders, the lone female ranch hand (the fantastic Jen Landon as Teeter) all great female characters that fit in the world of the story in a natural, unforced way. They're strong and compelling. Not just 'the partner of...' or T & A. He stepped up his game with the excellent character Faith Hill crushed in \"1883\" followed by Dame Mirren in the misfire that was \"1923\". Now we have Zoe Saldana, doing some of the best work of her career. I absolutely buy her as CIA boss in an open marriage (nice touch). I buy De Oliveira as a broken woman with burning rage that won't quit and thank you, thank you, thank you writers\/Dir.\/producers for NOT letting her get the best of a fellow male soldier with an additional one-hundred pounds of muscle. Veracity first and foremost! I think her character is way more interesting if she is someone who has to be knocked out cold or just overpowered on the ground before she'll quit. Now let's talk about Jill Wagner or should I say her hair? What an about face! From schmaltzy Hallmark dreck to super-badass special forces? I'm buying it. Special mention: Ms. Lanier as the nasty teen daughter. I await the arc laid out for this loose canon as long as they continue to steer clear of teen angst cliche. Good actor, it could get interesting...","rating":"8\/10","date":"1 August 2023"}
{"title":"Nearly there","review":"Taylor Sheridan pumps out TV scripts from his assembly line at a fast and furious rate, but to maintain the workload he is relying on cliches and set formulae to piece the plots together.This series has all the basics covered to hold viewers but as the series progresses the storyline is getting more and more shallow.Nicole Kidmans serious power broker role is as wooden as her features and at times is ridiculous. Also the freedom allowed these special forces units at home and in a war zone are silly, in some scenes they are literally marching around suburbia fully armed, while supposed to being 'covert'.What started with promise is turning into a predictable soap, when the lesbian bit started I nearly laughed out loud it was so 'now' and so woke.","rating":"6\/10","date":"21 August 2023"}
{"title":"Watch and Judge for self","review":"No matter how good a show is. They is always a person saying how it's the worst show they have ever seen. Just check for yourself. In any show. But as we all know Taylor's stuff. You just need to give them time and they will catch up. We have seen yellow stone, and it's prequels. They started slow and now you can't just keep your eyes of those characters. So don't listen to what others try the series out and Judge for yourself. I can say its a story worth waiting for it to build up. They started slow and now you can't just keep your eyes of those characters. So don't listen to what other people are saying. It's worth a watch.","rating":"10\/10","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"Not bad, not very good","review":"Technically very good, but it's so pretentious...or the main character is. With two children at home, whom she always abandon because her job is so important...bla bla. Even when one of them almost dies in an accident, she must travel abroad for work. Which it's not. She actually doesn't do a very important job, but she is a control freak and obviously think nobody can do her job.So that is for me not a credible story.I'm disappointed by Zoe Zaldana in every way. Here she had a chance to make something good, but blew it. And her acting is also no very good. Very limited repertoar. Same voice, same look, same expressions iver and over. Very boring actually. Nicole Kidman does a much better job in her role.","rating":"6\/10","date":"18 January 2024"}
{"title":"Great idea, terrible execution","review":"The first episode draws you in. It's well executed and well written. Zoe Saldana is well cast and carries the role in a believable way. The show is based on the \"lioness\" program in the US Military and had a lot of potential.......And then the writers apparently change - because it's the only thing that makes sense - and everything goes off the rails. Every episode forces you to suspend disbelief more and more to the point of ridiculousness. And the one dimensional portrayal of the special ops teams is terrible. Drunken bar fights and overgrown idiots running around a house shooting each other with air soft guns is just a bit too much.And then the girl. All 90 pounds of her taking on roided out super soldiers in hand to hand and beating them down. The female leader of a seal team. And it gets worse.........she blows her cover at least 20 times but........it's girl power. Or something.It's a shame - the show had tons of potential. The terrible writing killed it. 4 stars for Zoe and Nicole though. They gave the show some gravitas.","rating":"4\/10","date":"9 October 2023"}
{"title":"Exciting Show, Great Writing","review":"It's sad to see so many one-star reviews from military members and others who clearly can't stand having strong, female leads. This is a fictional show, people. It's made for entertainment. It's not going to get everything about the military exactly right, and it's clearly not pretending to. Do iyou think Yellowstone is an exact portrayal of ranch life? Definitely not. No need to be so easily offended about it. We don't see ranchers up in arms over the dramatization over their industry. For those offended by the language, violence, and nudity, have you ever seen Taylor Sheridan's shows? LolWhile I do find the writing around De Oliveria's character severely flawed, it's clearly done so they can speed through laying the groundwork for the show.Saldana is a power lead, and I'm loving every minute of it. Her character's relationship with Annable is well written, and it's nice to see how two flawed people navigate a very completed relationship with demanding careers.Overall, the characters are likable and well developed, though with some gaps from the writers. There's a great balance of dialog and action and some really great fight and chase scenes.Is it 100% realistic? Of course not. Suspend your disbelief and enjoy the show. It's great!","rating":"9\/10","date":"11 August 2023"}
{"title":"Enjoyable espionage thriller","review":"3 episodes in and I'm really enjoying it. The first two episodes I watched back to back because it got me hooked, though the 3rd is a little slower. This is now the scene setting stage though, so I'd expect it.It's up there with other US based espionage thrillers, such as Jack Ryan, The Night Agent, etc.. in fact it's probably better than those as it's a little more believable. It's not door to door action, but the scenes are visceral and intense. It has a similar presentation to Taylor Sheridan's other recent work and you can see some elements from Sicario too.I struggle to understand all of the negative reviews. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions on what they enjoy, but given the number of strongly negative ones I suspect there's something else at work here, so take them with a pinch of salt. If in doubt I'd recommend watching the first episode and making your own mind up (unless you're offended by the idea of a strong woman).8.5\/10 but rounding up to 9 to counter the negativity.","rating":"9\/10","date":"30 July 2023"}
{"title":"Very Optimistic with first 2 episodes","review":"Best new show around, After a disappointing 4th season of Jack Ryan, and all around lackluster shows everywhere, this felt so much better in every way. Looks truly well done and action\/fight scenes look awesome. Great acting by all. I feel most of the criticism of this show in the comment section seems to boil down to how unrealistic it is because of the whole Female operator thing, and me for one, a guy, don't mind a good female led action show that is an original IP that doesn't go and turn a male lead into a female lead. Also i haven't seen any red flags so far like making every man look incompetent or anything like that. Also at first i thought it was gonna be a more action-first no-nonsense show but then they kinda dove a bit into the family and i usually cringe at that, but i didn't dislike what they did there.My only criticism is that the plot of what this specific operator group does is very story limiting, and might kill it moving past a season's plot\/villain...needs to be more encompassing so they could possibly do a new more action intensive fast-paced Homeland, otherwise it risks becoming too episodic like a BlacklistPS: So far Nicole Kidman's part is incredibly small and uneventful and could have been done by anyone else...We'll see what the great Morgan Freeman brings to the show...But from what i've seen so far the show could stand on its own with Zaldana without any other A-Lister.TLDR Overall Cautiously optimistic but i like what i see so far, everything is incredibly polished and well done. Its entertaining even without being the History Channel show that some commenters seem to prefer.","rating":"8\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"A worthy series","review":"I was afraid this series would be a rah-rah America can do no wrong in the war on terror but I was pleasantly surprised when the program focused on the nuances of how our Intel services run the country with little to no oversight. The acting was top notch and the production values were excellent. I like the way they cast the Cruz character. She convinced me that she was a woman who suffered in her life before the joining the Marine Corps. The message they leave you with in the final episode of the first season was 10. I hope the series returns. As for the bad reviews I read here, I don't get them at all. It was like they dropped these bad reviews before they watched the program because they don't like the show runner or something like that.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Noticeable quality, meaningful, suspenseful. Try it out","review":"In short: if you like intense and suspenseful shows that take you to beautiful locations throughout, noticeably fantastic writing and acting all around, spy shows, and shows centered around women in military, you'll like this a lot. Try it out!Longer review: A new favorite of mine! Feels like I stumbled upon a gem. I love the meaningful writing and the layered characters and the impressive, genuine, intense story! The settings and locations and action all take you on an adventure. On top of that, the music stands out in a big way which only screams quality. This show is a lot of fun to watch, and also I've never seen a woman-centered spy thriller show before. Very cool, it means something to me.Why I watched: (1)Zo\u00eb Salda\u00f1a, (2)Morgan Freeman, (3)Military spy thriller.My only complaints: (1)Can't binge immediately, (2)Wish the episodes were 1 hour each, (3)Wish there were more episodes than 8, (4)Want more time with Cruz and the mission.I'm hoping for: (1)Season 2 with same and new characters, (2)More military tactical situations, (3)More action and \"gasp\" moments haha, (4)They don't kill off my favorites haha.This is a show I will be recommending to people! 10\/10.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 August 2023"}
{"title":"Only 2 episodes in but good start for the genre","review":"Not sure I understand all the <5 reviews, I am only 2 episodes in and the show does a good job at what it aims to do: Infiltration-type action-filled tv show. It keeps the tension going and seems to be going somewhere. Yes there are a lot of actresses but so what? There are all doing a solid job (well, I am still confused as to what has happened to Kidman's face). Yes the main recruit is a one-dimensional mad racoon so far and we are not quite sure how she turned into that, but give it a second. Yes it is not realistic but it is not trying to be Zero Dark Thirty, it aims to entertain, and it does that better than the latest Jack Ryan reboot in my opinion. It is good Sunday night TV and I would have continued with ep 3 if I could have.","rating":"7\/10","date":"26 July 2023"}
{"title":"Intense Thriller giving a true meaning of Lioness","review":"\"Special Ops: Lioness\" stands as a remarkable and well-written thriller that breaks new ground by showcasing leading women not just as operatives, but as lionesses fearlessly navigating the darkest corners of the intelligence world. This groundbreaking series explores the intersection of gender and espionage, weaving a narrative that is both gripping and empowering.At the heart of \"Special Ops: Lioness\" is a cast of strong and complex female characters who shatter traditional stereotypes. Instead of merely donning caps, these lionesses embody the spirit of courage, resilience, and cunning. Each character brings her unique set of skills, experiences, and motivations to the table, enriching the tapestry of the series. Their multidimensionality makes the audience empathize, cheer, and hold their breath in equal measure.The writing of the show not only captivates with its intricate plot but also celebrates the power of women working in tandem. It's a testament to the prowess of the writers that they construct a world where these lionesses aren't just surviving in a male-dominated realm but thriving with a remarkable prowess. Their camaraderie, vulnerabilities, and unwavering determination paint a vivid picture of women who can stand toe-to-toe with any adversary.As the lionesses embark on their missions, the show doesn't shy away from the challenges they face. It delves into the complexities of gender bias, societal expectations, and the ever-evolving struggle for recognition. Through subtle storytelling, the series underlines the significance of overcoming not only external obstacles but also the internal doubts that often plague women in such demanding professions.The dark hunt that unfolds throughout the series is a metaphorical representation of the lionesses' journey. Each twist and turn in the plot mirrors the unpredictable nature of their world, keeping the audience on the edge of their seats. The application of protective instincts adds an emotional layer, showing that strength isn't devoid of compassion. The lionesses' ability to strike a balance between fierce action and nurturing care resonates deeply, subverting traditional portrayals of women in similar narratives.\"Special Ops: Lioness\" also amplifies its impact by not confining itself to just entertainment. It takes the audience on a thought-provoking exploration of the intelligence landscape's realities, both known and covert. The series raises questions about ethical considerations, moral dilemmas, and the toll such high-stakes operations take on the operatives. In doing so, it transcends the genre of mere entertainment and enters the realm of meaningful storytelling that prompts reflection and conversation.This show isn't just a thriller; it's a statement. It speaks to the potential of women when given the opportunity to shine on a platform historically dominated by men. \"Special Ops: Lioness\" challenges preconceived notions, demolishing the barriers that have kept women confined to supporting roles. It portrays women as the driving force, the leaders, and the unsung heroes who reshape the landscape of the intelligence world.In a world hungry for narratives that empower and inspire, \"Special Ops: Lioness\" emerges as a beacon of change. Its well-crafted storytelling, empowered characters, and thought-provoking themes make it a standout series that doesn't just entertain but transforms. By presenting a world where women roar as lionesses, the show leaves an indelible mark on the audience's psyche, encouraging us all to harness our inner strength and defy expectations.","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 August 2023"}
{"title":"A good start","review":"Wow, so many b-hurt men are crying over a couple of women being in the center of this show. I watched two episodes, and there was hardly any action there for you all to be so whiny. Again, this is a TV show about the special ops crew of a CIA. Would someone be able to create a close-to-reality show about a secret agency? I do not think so. Yet, you all probably think that Bond or Mission Impossible have believable plots.This is a decent TV show with a believable premise. There are some gaps in the plot, though, as CIA agents have to undergo more thorough training before being sent to the field. Also, getting close to such a high-stake target will require more time as well.Anyway, do not believe oversensitive men in the comments about a girl being able to do pullups or pushups. This is not what this show is about.","rating":"7\/10","date":"27 July 2023"}
{"title":"Ridiculous. All of it.","review":"I'm writing this as someone with 17 years military experience as well as someone closely involved with the integration of women into Marine Infantry Training Battalion. The premise is ridiculous. Beyond that, the Initial Strength Test (IST) involved pull-ups OR push ups. For those that do not know, pull ups are all the way down, all the way up, and it takes women YEARS of training to get their max score. The most I've seen a female Marine get it 12. 22, by this girl with no muscle or training is just stupid. Second, there are no female Marine Operators in MARSOC. There are several within the command but none serve in a combat role. Was she admin?Are we to believe this skinny little girl got through ITB? When we integrated, the women either broke or gave up. And those women were in much better shape for it than her. You dont just go from flipping burgers to that, sorry. Now, I get it, this is your typical show now where \"women can do anything\" and whatever. But as someone that's been there, done that, I can't get past that. Then, there's the plot. I'm only through 3 episodes and already there's too much wrong here. Tattoos are documented in your Service Record Book. There's zero chance someone in that position wouldn't have all tattoos and scars documented.Then they give this new girl a mission without a brief, they get her drunk the night before and she goes to meet the targets daughter. Wouldn't she smell like alcohol? If a woman smells like alcohol in Kuwait, she's getting arrested. Fact. She somehow meets the daughter and gets invited over. Randomly.Next nonsensical plot point, they choose to train her to see when she will break AFTER SHE'S ALREADY INVOLVED IN THE MISSION. Uh, no. Now Cruz gets beaten on and has bruises, cuts and loses a tooth. She has to tell the targets daughter she was in a car accident. Now, let me explain something, families involved in terror organizations know full well that there is a target on every one of their heads. It's insane to me that this daughter would tell anyone outside the family where she is in the US, much less invite them over, much less not inform people that her new, random, American friend was in a car accident to check that out. ITS RIDICULOUS.Anyway, like I said, I've only made it through 3 episodes and that's all I'm going to watch. There's just too much wrong with it and not good enough dialogue or action to ignore it.","rating":"1\/10","date":"2 August 2023"}
{"title":"Suspend all belief. But even that maybe isn't enough.","review":"I'm a fan of yellowstone & most of Taylor Sheridan's work.This however is a step too far.Now obviously things need to go wrong to develop the plot, but wow! This group of apparent Special operatives are inept. They muck up every op they undertake. From the opening scene of letting the insurgents start attacking before they realise they might be bad guys to the ridiculous decision to use an unlikeable miserable woman (the main character) to make friends with a lively party going target.I would happily just go along with it if it wasn't for the fact this stuff is supposed to be taken seriously.Others here have already stated the main lead is painted as some kind of supergirl. And that is correct. She's like a terminator!My main issue though is that she's really unlikeable.","rating":"","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"Drags you into the story","review":"Waited 4 episodes to really be immersed for a long period of time into this. The goal was to give myself a chance to appreciate the gift we've been provided by numerous A-List actors contributing to the creation of this piece of work, which by the way is enjoyable and well-regarded by many despite the mixed reviews. Many spectators have been told stories from a similar angle, but that view here remains exciting as you tackle a more confusing yet well-laced plot with female leads throughout, each one confidently capturing our attention whenever they appear. Halfway through it, we can't tell if this sense of urgency as we discover more and more what is happening will remain at the level that it is now, but given the subject matter covered, the budget, and the pool of talent with which they were able to bring this to the screen, it will be difficult to miss the landing, mainly because of the series' solid foundation.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 August 2023"}
{"title":"i have no idea why the low ratings","review":"I mean its a TV Show, and its super entertaining. Who cares if in real life there are no women at this level? I mean how many of the viewers would have been in the military to know this, maybe 0.01 percent????? Even now reading the reviews, now that i know, i still dont care, its still a good show.I enjoy its much more than say Jack Ryan, the action here is much much better and also the characters are much more likeable.It's a really really good show and I'm not even a fan of Taylor Sheridan so.....Seriously who are those that gives all the below 5 stars for these??? Surely you have no clue how much involved in making a series like this, its a lot of work for your dumb ratings!!!!","rating":"9\/10","date":"7 August 2023"}
{"title":"Low Expectation Meets High Accomplishment","review":"At first, my expectations were very low because of Marvel's alumni attached to it. Then the trailer dropped and it mentioned from Yellowstone producers. I didn't even bother to research who made the story and so on.Then came the first episode, looked like a frama featuring Zoe Saldana as a career CIA military team leader, balancing life and career. The new recruit was a great character for any newly found actor seeking credit on her CV. Then Nicole Kidman popped in like a cameo, and I started to want to know more.The second episode was explosive, IMHO. Showcasing determination and wild military boys and girls outside their natural environment.Taylor Sharidan certainly knows how to create characters that will attract red blooded audiences. There's always an extreme dramatic tension with his story, this one has some by the first 2 episodes already.I do think the sex scene is unnecessary, but the directors and camera guys smartly capture it without being exploitatively vulgar. Then again, if 1 of the producers is in the sex scene, any screw up will cost their jobs.So based on 2 episodes, Lioness is marking its presentlce as soldiers going back to old value of being soldiers, with all the naughty and niceness.","rating":"8\/10","date":"26 July 2023"}
{"title":"FANTASTIC","review":"From the beginning of episode 1 to the end of episode 5 it works. Great acting great chemistry,It is worth the watch. Now the review wants 463 more words before they publish. Well I think they should have put out all episodes at once hate when you have to wait almost two months to finish watching a great show. I will hopefully get a reminder when 6 comes out . Kidman shows her talent ,Zoe does a great job. All I can say is try watching it with an open mind that this does happen. So set back pop some popcorn and get ready for a sometimes wild ride. ENJOY A GOOD SERIES MADE FOR ALL WHO LOVE FAST MOVING SERIES.","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 August 2023"}
{"title":"Entertaining so far","review":"Some people need to calm down. First off this is a fictional show not a documentary. A commenter said that her mile and a half time of 8 minutes was unrealistic, it's actually approximately 5:10 mile pace which should be doable for somebody who used to run the 800 meters as she said. Many high school and college runners could easily run that pace. In the second episode they show her doing calisthenics and running, hence her tip top form.Many women stay with abusive men longer than they should. No she may not be as strong as a big burly Navy SEAL, but could a big burly Navy SEAL befriend the girl she's supposed to befriend which is her first mission?? The only issue I have is her boasting about how many pull-ups she could do. If you're a woman and you want to make female enemies, you should say things like that. She should have just pumped out the pull-ups without making such a big deal about it. But, Tyler Sheridans is a man, so maybe he doesn't know that. I look forward to new episodes since Joe Pickett is ending soon.","rating":"7\/10","date":"25 July 2023"}
{"title":"Another great show by Taylor Sheridan","review":"Do not mind the naysayers, this is a great show.The plot is solid, yes some of it is fantasy, but that is the name of entertainment, although many times reality is harder to believe than fantasy.The cast is great, we are still knowing them, but first episode gives us Cruz backstory so we can see what motivates her.Taylor Sheridan is to TV what Midas was to gold, his shows keep being amazing and entretaining, from Yellowstone to the Tulsa King.I hope he keeps making this shows and seasons great, can't wait to see his new show that is in production Bass Reeves. And of course can't wait for the new seasons of all his shows to drop.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 July 2023"}
{"title":"This is a thoroughly entertaining show.","review":"This series is absolutely entertaining and easy to enjoy. The story arcs move around nicely and are involving for the viewer. You can see the Taylor Sheridan writing in the dialogue which is always honest and straight to the point. Do yourself a favour and lose yourself for the duration. Nicole Kidman and Zoe Soldana give great performances as the two strong female leads and the rest of the cast is complementary and I can't wait to see how the Cruz character develops. The night time sequences can be a bit dark and hard to follow what has actually occurred but that is a minor criticism and not much can be done except rewatch the sequence if you really have to see what you missed.","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 August 2023"}
{"title":"Not sure what to think, started off strong","review":"This show started off very strong with an interesting premise about a female marine embedded with a CIA QRT team that is made up of special forces Marines, if there is such a thing.She is supposed to make friends with the daughter of a mid-eastern terrorist financier.The show TOTALLY goes off the rails when the traditional Arab woman who is anticipating her imminent wedding has a lesbian fling with this embedded undercover female marine.This tanks the entire show and plot. It is NOT now, not relevant, not happening, not remotely plausible, and is actually cringe- worthy.Who thought that this subplot would elevate the show or make it more watchable? Can't they do a focus group or something?Everything has a time or place, but this is way out in left field.For a show with limited episodes, (6-8), subplots like this and the one with the angry rebelling daughter just take away from the relevant action.","rating":"6\/10","date":"15 December 2023"}
{"title":"It's a bit cringe.","review":"This is looks expensive and like it must be good but unfortunately falls flat, tethering on the edge of \"so bad it's hilarious.\" I was hoping Morgan Freeman in the poster could come through and save it but he hasn't come up in the first few episodes.Lower your expectations and brace for clich\u221a\u00a9s. Characters lack depth, their motives are haphazard, and poetic speeches feel forced. Jarring transitions and erratic editing disrupt the narrative flow. Despite its promising premise, \"Lioness\" is a mishmash of overused tropes and underdeveloped characters. It tries to roar but ends up whimpering, more likely to induce cringes than thrills.","rating":"5\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"Entertaining and Captivating","review":"So lets clear the slate for the haters here. This is a TV series funded by a group of people for something they believed in.(thus the long producer list) Most TV series do not have a huge budget and serves as a stepping stone for up and coming talent. This is a prime example. This is a pretty good show, some premise of background material is a bit far fetched but where have we not seen this before? Give this show a chance before hating it. If you want major production values and acting in a one hour TV show, then I am sure they are willing to take your cash to add to that producer list to enhance their show, or better yet, watch something else.","rating":"9\/10","date":"25 July 2023"}
{"title":"Best TV series production so far","review":"Wow, this series is incredible! Every episode (up to 5 at the time of writing) will grab you.Top notch cast, top notch production, engaging story and just incredible execution.When I think of America, this is what I want to believe in. Infiltrate, protect, execute. All the while being connected and believable.If your a fan of Jack Ryan, you will want to check this out. I can't think of any other episode series where every episode delivers something new that engages the viewer in such a way.This series raises the bar and it's ALOT! This is how it's done, no fill, just intense drama that feels real.Just wait until award night...We will see how the rest of the series plays out.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 August 2023"}
{"title":"Loved loved loved","review":"I absolutely loved this series, I thought it was initially going to be a war zone programme with not much storyline to it so wasn't that fussed about watching, but I was so wrong! This has got everything, and it's amazing to see female leads for a change! You can tell from the negative reviews about women taking the lead and \"it being pure fantasy\" is obviously written by some guy who can't stand the thought of women being in power, so ignore those reviews!Would highly recommend, thoroughly entertaining and gripping! Definitely worth a watch! The only downside is there isn't enough episodes...in my opinion, I could easily binge 20 episodes of this.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 August 2023"}
{"title":"Brilliant Execution","review":"The story is something we've kind of seen before, but it's a fun watch. The writing is pretty much flawless. Taylor Sheridan once again delivers, including a satisfying conclusion that have become a staple of his projects. Morgan Freeman is a big standout, his character is a lot of fun to watch, even though he shows up late. Saldana and Laysla De Oliveira are both very convincing, Oliveira had the hardest job here and completely pulled it off. As good as the writing and acting are, the real hero here is the presentation. The show is shot and edited extremely well, they had a great plan and it all completely fell into place.","rating":"9\/10","date":"13 September 2023"}
{"title":"Not bad, but Sheridan is out of his zone","review":"Ok, this was not a bad series, but it also wasn't very good. Sheridan had left his comfort zone and the writing suffers as a result. It's quite entertaining, but there are so many holes in it that it just falls apart under scrutiny.I think, also, that Sheridan has fallen victim to the usual Washington character stereotypes and the big-wigs in this all walk and talk like cardboard cliches.The casting has some serious miscues, too. Whoever thought Nicole Kidman was right for this type of part needs a re-think. I guess it was more of \"Can we get another big name on onboard?\" Morgan Freeman is wasted, frankly, too.So it's Ok, Michael Kelly is his usual reliable self. Zoe Saldana does alright. Laysla de Oliveira isn't at all convincing and comes across as rather wooden. LaMonica Garrett is woefully under-utilised.If there's a season 2, they need to up their game.","rating":"6\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"It has the Taylor Sheridon Pedigree","review":"My goodness this is violent. Certainly episode 2 ramps this up in an uncomfortable torture sequence. There's plenty of sex too, something seen in 1923, one of two other Sheridon shows I've watched, Tulsa King bring the other, although the sex has been toned down in this one; I wonder if Stallone had a say in that, with Mrs Stallone watching on.Anyway back to this show. It's got a good premise, abused woman escapes the clutches of an abusive man and relationship\/situation and ends up in the marine core. It actually reminds me a little of GI Jane thinking about it. Zoe Saldanha is bad ass and does well to cover up in those bedroom scenes. With a fleeting appearance from Nicole Kidman, with minimal dialogue. Overall its well done, keeping your attention across the first two episodes. I'll be tuning in to see how it progresses.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Watchable but loses momentum","review":"Lioness starts very well but loses momentum by episode five. The pros and cons of the series. Pro- The acting is pretty good. Although the subject matter makes the bar quite low, the characters are well directed and the cast are all watchable. The story lines are quite clear. Team has missions - tick. Team leader has personal life - tick. One of the team is embedded with the bad guys - tick. Politicians lean on the team - tick. Lots of sexy terrorism exposition and hot special forces tactics - big tick.All very watchable. The cons - The personal stuff goes on too long and feels a little forced. Daughter of team leader gets in trouble - tick. But the service won't allow emotionally compromised team leader time off - another tick. Team are pretty humdrum interchangeable special forces grunts - tick.By episode five the personal stuff is getting a bit slow. The plot is getting a bit stretched. Still watchable but not a must see.","rating":"6\/10","date":"31 August 2023"}
{"title":"We gotta ask the big question","review":"This series is pretty good. The storyline is great. Zoe Saldana is hot and dangerous at the same time without being green and all those other guys and gals are badass. A CIA drama as we all want. Some danger, some swearing and people who kill in a heartbeat. Nice, just what I want.Yeah, as the title says, we gotta ask the big question. And that is, when will Nicole Kidman, who also is a badass, stop thinking she is a duck? Those lips and the numbness in her face is way out there and cant be taken serious. There is no movement at all. Cant take my eyes of that.Good series nevertheless. And I am wanting more.","rating":"8\/10","date":"23 August 2023"}
{"title":"Cautiously optimistic ...","review":"This thing is going to be interesting. Not something I experience much these days. The cast seems capable and invested and the story is being unfolded quite slowly. The production value appears high and they are reading from the \"brutality as commonplace\" handbook; so strap in before you watch as seeing woman treated this way even fictionally I found unpleasant. I hope my investment is rewarded by a strong finish. Either way, I feel it's worth the time folks.Enjoyment additives:\nWatch for the reasons why each character does what they do, because even if I'm kidding myself, I felt I found a few subtleties missing in most mass produced media.Embrace the pace as I hope the series will build on it and it will be worth your output. If not well what did you lose.Here's hoping.","rating":"7\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"The Art of Recycling","review":"Special Ops: Lioness is one of those shows you get if the writer is just watching a couple of shows or movies of the same genre and has no other experience whatsoever with the world and material and ends up with just adding up one cliche after another, especially character- and dialogue-wise we just get stereotyping deluxe. Also, like other reviewers already stated, there are too many mistakes to the plot to make the story convincing. On top, the personal drama (kids) slows the show down and does not add anything substantial or interesting. On the plus side we get a solid production and a good enough dose of suspense - if you are able to shut down or anesthetize your logical side of the brain. To sum it up: no match for movies or shows like Zero Dark Thirty, The Kingdom, Sicario or the first seasons of Homeland but okay for a little snack in between - if you don't expect something too tasty or too elaborate.","rating":"5\/10","date":"30 August 2023"}
{"title":"Just felt so bored to watch these two episodes","review":"The opening scenes of this new series looked quite promising, but once it started to lead us to know who is the candidate to replace the dead infiltrator-undercover agent, it immediately shows that female actor is a miscast, she is too tall to easily become invisible, besides, if she is so tough, how could possible she would endure the constant abuses by a thug? Why she would suddenly become so furious after maybe years tortures, abuses with physical and verbal attacks by her so-called boyfriend? Why she would accept such suicidal mission as a CIA agent to infiltrate the enemy without any resistance? A doomed death wish from the very beginning? The long serial tortures to prove she is tough enough to hang on until she might be strong enough to survive until the saviors are coming is just over-the-top boring.Do I need to know their family problems? Her chief surgeon lover, their lovemaking scenes? Their bullied kids school problems? No. Do we have to see these two female leading actors taking showers? No; we've already past the age of Peeping-Tom. There are too many scenes and subplots that I really don't care and not in the least to know about, yet they just keep coming. Why I already decided not to invest my time to watch episode 3? Because it's already such a boring new drama series that I could do without.","rating":"","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"Pretty F##king Good!!!","review":"So some of us thought that Taylor Sheridan could only write about cowboys right? Wrong! Lioness is a great story primarily set in the world of espionage and the problems in the Middle East. Think Last Survivor, 12 Strong and American Sniper and you'll get the general idea. This quickly moves back to the homeland (USA) as plots and sub-plots unfold and we end up in San Antonio (cowboy hats again!!!). This starts to feel a little more like Jack Ryan than Yellowstone at this point but that's the journey we embark upon.We start out with a little bit of back story set a few years earlier back in good old Oklahoma (Wild Bill Taylor had to have a couple more cowboy hats on show - it's the law!) where we meet one of our main characters living the predictable miserable life with a terrible other half and a menial job. Moving forwards to her literally stumbling into joining the USMC and we are up and running.Our new Lioness is quickly recruited into a special operations unit and the real fun begins! Again, more Jack Ryan than anything else at this point but the story is compelling and should keep you engaged and entertained. The family sub-plot seems a little confusing but allows Sheridan to put some bones on the character arcs. There is some fantastic hair on show here as well.No spoilers here. The plot romps forward at a pretty decent clip. As you'd expect from Mr Sheridan this is all shot with some spectacular scenery on display. There are a couple of cliches along the way but here we have a couple of strong female characters and the story .... well maybe you should just go and see for yourself.Personally I think it is a great addition to a stable chock full of thoroughbreds already and it can most certainly hold its own. At the time of writing there are only two episodes remaining which have yet to be released but so far so very good!Recommended \uf8ff\u00fc\u00eb\u00e7","rating":"9\/10","date":"22 August 2023"}
{"title":"Great Cast Makes the Difference","review":"I know that Taylor Sheridan's shows have a huge following, and while I enjoy some to varying degrees, he definitely has distinct vibe, one that I generally don't love. However, the talent involved in Special Ops: Lioness really seems to shake up his world in a good way. Zoe Saldana is in top form and reminds us why she's a leading lady away from the spectacle of Marvel. Nicole Kidman is essentially wasted in the first two episodes available, but her presence is always welcome. The story isn't necessarily unique, but it's execution is excellent. If you enjoy espionage and character-driven intrigue, it's an exhilaratingly contemporary offering. The show's pacing of the plot requires some patience, but the service it is doing to the character development is obvious. My only complaint is we didn't get all of the episodes at once - a good sign!","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"WoW...","review":"Zoe Saldana just nailed it..! And ofcourse Oliviera... WoW... Performance..! Both of yew specially..! Lovessss from Pakistan..! Loved every inch of the episodes... And waiting for 7 and 8... Beautiful combinations and beautifully done... Everybody in the character just did it so0o well... Dont have any words to explain though but waiting like Hell for E07 and whats gona happen next... Dont be Late it Kills the Thrill... Like some other Seasons on NF (Dont wana Name them) but keeping to wait to see what happens next juat kills the Thrill actually... Who knows... So Keep it Up and Running Soon..!","rating":"8\/10","date":"23 August 2023"}
{"title":"Love it!!!","review":"Some people just hate the military and unless the movie or TV show denigrates the military, they will hate it. This is not based on a true story and it is a fictional show. Watch it like you would a Mission Impossible or a James Bond flick. I loved the show and can't wait for the rest of the season to unfold and I'm sure I will be disappointed there only 8 episodes to the season. This may or may not be for you but it is for me. The first 2 episodes are setting up the story for the future but I do love how the story is unfolding. This is a series about strong women and how they rise and compete on equal footing with strong men. I do like this in a story and would compare that aspect with likes of Hanna and Black Widow.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Was hoping for more action","review":"If I recall correctly then there were only 3 or max 4 scenes with some action and that's it. Almost one of the episodes was wasted for family drama, when you keep waiting one week after every episode for the next one and then you get episode where it's all about kids, I think all this story line was way too detailed and long, there really was lack of good combat scenes.The worst part of this whole show, I think was Nicole Kidman and her acting and one facial expression - duck face, that's all I could see, her lips has obviously fillers and honestly I could not look at her and that one pouting lip expression..\nIt had so much potential but imo was waisted on so many boring things which were way too stretched out..","rating":"6\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Finally strong women","review":"I really hope this site lasts. I'm really tired of decent shows getting cancelled for BS reasons. I'll be really angry if it's a good show like this with leading ladies. Not only does s have strong female characters but they are the leads. Writers for the love of God do not vomit the phoned in tropes of romance between characters and putting 3 different plots in the same episode and waste good material you could expand on.I'm loving so far.... Please don't disappoint.I love the message in episode 1 that there is always a place for expertise and effort in the military. It's great to show girls that they too can be protectors and not victims. There are ways out of a life you don't want. The military can give you skills to a life you desire whether you stay active or not.","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 August 2023"}
{"title":"Its decent","review":"Cast is very good that's why I tuned in. They worked really hard on making this show and everyone is putting their best. The show also has a good budget you can tell. It has some nice locations and a lot of money was spent. There are some problems stopping this show from being great. It is well written but not captivating. The characters are mildly interesting. They really need to focus on the main issue and develop it and carry the show with it better in an interesting way. Easy to say hard to do. I had problems with some of the action or fighting or beatings it isn't good but rather cringe. One highlight is Zoe's husband has an interesting story albeit small part so far. I have seen the first few episodes i give it a 6.5\/10. I hope it improves because the cast is very good. Need more interesting character stories.","rating":"6\/10","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"Good for a laugh!","review":"This is the most unrealistic series I've seen in years. The fact they have a 100 lbs Superwoman easily beating up every Marine, and every man, she comes in contact with. The unnecessary melodramatics with Zoe Saldana's family and her annoying daughter that looks like an overgrown broccoli. Nicole Kidman looking like a melting clown dropping f bombs every few seconds. Morgan Freeman who appears for a couple of minutes and his character knows nothing of what's going again and has trouble keeping his dentures from pooping out of his mouth. A man who is supposedly the biggest terrorist financier known to man, yet he's allowed to travel wherever he wants. Same with his daughter. No form of personal sanctions on him, and US allies are not alerted to his dealings and whereabouts. Plus, it was so easy to get close to him - let's just meet him in the kitchen in our underwear while we get ice cream. Oh wait, and if sending an assassin to kill him wasn't successful, let's just bomb him - hit him with a missile on the sovereign territory of one of our allies - no problem. Of course, when he is killed, our Superwoman runs out of the kitchen in her T-shirt and underwear, making her way to the beach where the Americans are waiting to rescue her. Needless to say, this billionaire's security force of supposedly more than 50 men with automatic rifles couldn't shoot straight and hit Superwoman with a single bullet. This major terrorist financier must have hired the A-Team to protect him. This series doesn't have one single redeeming quality about it. It's laughable. It would have been better as a comic than a TV series. Even a comic book has more depth and realism than this pile of excrement.","rating":"1\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Starting off impressively","review":"Taylor Sheridan tries his hand at a different genre within the overall Action category with \"Lioness\", its success clearly resting on the capable shoulders of Zoe Saldana. She's been in many hits lately and certainly is capable of carrying this project to the finish line.With supporting players of the caliber of Nicole Kidman and Morgan Freeman on tap, he's hedged his bets, and I especially enjoyed the second segment, spotlighting a very powerful fighter Laurys de Oliveira, whose training is grueling and of interest because Sheridan manages to go past the standard level of say a \"Quantico\" series, while providing enough tease and bondage action to get one's attention, delivers a very strong performance, and it will be interesting to see how the series delivers once it goes into full \"Seal Team\" action on steroids.I enjoyed Taylor's movie starring a strong female -with Angelina Jolie, but it flopped. I'll bet Zoe attracts a larger audience.","rating":"","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"Excellent.","review":"Since I watched Sicario at the cinema, I have been a fan of Taylor Sheridan's movies and tv series, such as Wind River and Yellowstone.When I heard about this new special ops series coming out, I could not wait. \"This sh_t is gonna be so good\" I thought.Aaand...it delivered. Big time. Is it perfect? No. But nothing is, isn't it? ;)Is it entertaining? YES. And that's all that matters to me. This show makes other \"action\" series pale in comparison. Special Ops Lioness kept me wanting more after each episode, especially the last one. Please make a season 2.It is gritty, stylish and above all: human. The characters make mistakes, and regardless of their training they often fall back to their (more) powerful human instincts.Without spoiling too much, in one of the best scenes of the entire show, is the duality of good and evil. Just watch it!","rating":"8\/10","date":"13 September 2023"}
{"title":"Maybe it's just because it's something new...","review":"Or maybe Kevin Costner should have thought about is dispute with Taylor Sheridan before he started throwing all kinds of shade.This is just the show I was looking for. Something new and fresh and it Sheridan can finally work in another genre. This show finally caught my attention and I'm excited to see what happens going forward.It's probably not going to knock your socks off at first but I really think this show has that the potential to be something special. Don't knock it until you try it.Don't listen to the other horrible reviews that some uneducated people have given just watch it and make your own educated decision. Best of luck to all!","rating":"9\/10","date":"27 July 2023"}
{"title":"Taylor Sheridan is a genius.","review":"Taylor Sheridan is a genius it's a simple as that, anything he touches is pure gold. And this new series is no exception, loved the first two episodes can't wait for the rest of the series. If it continues as it has started then we arein for a real treat .Great cast of actor's , as you would expect from taylors pedigree in film and television. This is just another hit in his long line of smash hit shoes and I've seen them all yellowstone 1883 mayor of Kingstown 1923 Tulsa King the list is endless. And it's got great potential for Seasons two and three, and I could even see a spin-off with our leading ladies husband who is obviously a top cancer surgeon .Brilliant brilliant and brilliant.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Had so much potential","review":"I really liked the idea and thought the acting was very good, and convincing. Sadly undone to an extent by the American hyper-patriotic narrative. The \"we are the very best, we are super-awesome\" theme that permeates through the story is just too much sometimes. Muscle flexing, testosterone filled scenes, that occur all too frequently, only serve to detract from the main thread in this film - a flawed, badass asset sent into the most dangerous of circumstances on a virtual suicide mission. This should have been more of the focus, in my view, delving more into her fragility, masked by anger, bravado and a very sharp intellect; and her relationship with an equally fragile, but more privileged and experienced, handler. A solid series, but could have been so much better, I think.","rating":"7\/10","date":"11 August 2023"}
{"title":"Taylor Sheridan The Champion Of Female Archetypes","review":"I grew up watching shows like Wonder Woman, Charlie's Angels, and The Bionic Woman because they featured strong and inspiring women.Taylor Sheridan beautifully brings fierce, complex female characters to life. Among his creations, I'm particularly captivated by Beth Dutton's unfolding story in the series Yellowstone, as well as Elsa Dutton in 1883. Sheridan's brilliance as a show creator and prolific writer shines through in each episode.Recently, I've discovered Lioness, a new favorite in the Taylor Sheridan franchise, and it has been an exciting addition to my watchlist. The way Sheridan crafts powerful female characters is impressive and truly resonates with me.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 August 2023"}
{"title":"It's a good show, the end not that great and out makes one understand why the US are crumbling on the world stage","review":"Well, first of all, Cruz is an athlete, she won all states twice, so, yeah she's supposed to be athletic. I don't know why some people cry at it, but she's supposed to be like a mini Anna Hall so she can score pretty high.Other than this fact, the show is pretty neat, well acted, it has good filmography and it's gripping. It also shows the limits of the US foreign policy, which is pretty much summarized to \"put dictators in place that vamp all the money from their country so that they sell you their resources, and assassinate, no matter how, whomever isn't on your side\" it's pretty much the same policy that Europeans, especial French and English had in Africa for centuries.Needless to see with the current events in Africa, that this way of doing policy is crumbling before the Chinese-BRICS approach. Wagner is replacing every French and US troops with every coup d'\u00c9tat un western Africa and both Iran and Saudis joined the BRICS in the past month, burying the axe of Shia and Sunni. This show depicts a pretty clear situation in how deep of a hole the CIA is and how cornered they are by the US economy, also two thumbs up on the absurdity of putting someone on a hit list when you don't want them to die.My only gripe is the last episode, because it makes no sense at all. Cruz gets discovered by the groom but he runs on his own with a kitchen knife ? In the very room where she manage to be, all alone with her target ? I mean come on. He would've called his security first, obviously. Well, considering that his security detail has an aim even worse than stormtroopers, maybe it wouldn't have made a difference.Finally, the dude's a Saudi Prince but nobody seems to give two cent about this type of collateral damage. I guess because he looks down on women or something.Finally, the whole thing makes no sense because, obviously, they would have a way to contact Cruz, and the secretary would know it, so the whole excuse of \"we can't call it off because we can't contact her she has no cell phone\" is just not possible.It seems that the show isn't so much about operational logic but operators mindset and internal struggle, so it slides, but it kind of ruins it a bit.","rating":"7\/10","date":"12 September 2023"}
{"title":"This is entertainment....","review":"I don't understand all the negative misogynistic comments? This show is pure rollicking entertainment from a man (Sheridan) who has got the formula right. It is fiction just like his other shows, which also have some far-fetched plotlines.I know it is not in the experience of ex-jarheads, SEALS, Spec Forces, but it is not out of the bounds of possibility that a female led team could exist, now or in the future. Just don't get so uptight and take it for what it is and enjoy it.As a Brit very few shows nail the reality from across the pond or over here. However many are bloody entertaining. This show is no exception.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Entertaining to watch, with few surprises","review":"The plot unfolds at a rather slow pace, which makes the watch intriguing at the beginning. There are a few well known faces starring, so it ads to the mix. Screenplay written by Taylor Sheridan, who's talent is undoubted following Sicario or Yellowstone series with Kevin Costner. However, on this occasion Sheridan bends to the current trends, and - let's face it - messes up the whole thing. There are also some holes in the story, which raise more questions as to who and why... Personally, I would split the final episode of season 1 into two, and would had made it more credible, as as it is, it leaves few questions unanswered.The bottom line is that Lioness is very watchable if one does not put too much brains into it, and looks for an easy watch.Perhaps season 2 will be better. I hope so anyway.","rating":"6\/10","date":"5 September 2023"}
{"title":"Steaming Hot Trash","review":"As a 20 year veteran, this is the laziest attempt at recreating military life, specifically the Marine Corps. It is the worst and most inaccurate portrayal. They made zero effort to demonstrate the profressionalism of the actual Female Engagement Team (F. E. T.)\/Lioness Program. Even for entertainments sake the plot, story, accuracy, is the worst Taylor Sheridan has done this far. Cheap cash grab, don't waste your time. There are plenty of Marine Corps veterans who would have been happy to provide services as advisors, i.e. Former Drill Instructors, MARSOC operators, or any Marine in general. The Producers and Director deliver the viewers the same offensive stereotypical portrayals of service mebers and accuratley reflect how disconnected Hollywood is from veterans and military service. It's pure laziness. I feel sorry for the excellent actors here for being associated with this show. Critics who have rated this as excellent are either paid for or just tone deaf.","rating":"1\/10","date":"16 September 2023"}
{"title":"Taylor does it again","review":"The man can do no wrong - ripper show , gritty , hard edge . If rest of the eps are as good as first two then giddy up I have a new fav. This show is a class act as you would expect from Taylor - he has written this and he just keeps getting better , Clearly they have spent a lot of money on this , there are lots of toys and big bang action , the production values are excellent , Character development is swift and concise and you get invested in the characters very quickly , Most are likeable despite their flaws . I can't wait for the rest of the eps to drop the story line already has me hooked.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"Better than 1883","review":"An Action\/Drama delivering just that. Binge worthy series - as good\nas anything out there. On the dramatic front we find a group\nof characters with stressful professions (Spooks and surgeons)\ntrying to simultaneously juggle thier roles of parents and spouses.As a kid I always wondered why law enforcement officers always\nwore rough expressions across thier face. I'm guessing it is\nthe same reason these actors do. Absorbing the dangers and darkness of society. To me it is an profound essay on responsibility.It's interesting being a fly on the wall in sub-cultures I would otherwise have no access to. The White House, operating rooms, and unpassable red velvet ropes reserved for the one-percenters. It seems apparent Sheridan did his R&D in these worlds he has brought to screen.The vibe of the series is unique, something between a Chris Mundy, Low Winter Sun and a David Fincher film. As far as the action sequences go, they fight for screen time with the drama and when they do have thier moment, play out in what I would imagine to be realistic manner and never gratuitous.Of course the cast and production are great as most Paramount Plus originals are. This series has an almost 8 Star rating which is pretty good according to the 8,500 voters at the time of writing this.Never thought I'd say this, but it might be better than 1883,\nor maybe tied, heck you decide.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 August 2023"}
{"title":"Entertaining","review":"I haven't seen the haters referenced in other posts. I see no reason not to like this series. Although I am disappointed by the weekly release of episodes. I prefer to binge.I am finding Special Ops; Lioness very entertaining. A lot of action and intrigue. Casting Zoe Saldana and Nicole Kidman...plus hunk Dave Anable is sweet casting.Laysla De Olivera is new to me, but she is outstanding. I'll be watching for her from now on.Special Ops: Lioness presents an action packed plot (all hail Zoe Saldana who is always outstanding in physical roles) with nice underlying character\/family storylines.Thumbs up from me.","rating":"","date":"14 August 2023"}
{"title":"Not perfect, but very watchable","review":"My brother and I have a simple rating system: 1. Don't watch, 2. Worth one watch, 3. Will watch again. This clearly falls in the the third category. While it isn't perfect, there is enough action and excellent dialog to keep one's interest. It starts out fast and lets the characters develop along the way. All of the actors do fine work here and Taylor's script is tight and he moves the story along as he always does. Is there any chance he could help the people over at the Star Trek franchise? They're flailing. Anyway, Lioness is only 3 episodes in, but we are enjoying the heck out of after turning off the utterly ridiculous song-and-dance Star Trek episode.","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 August 2023"}
{"title":"After the JR Disappointed, THIS Came Through","review":"Well written, great acting and NO wholeness.True to life and obviously done with real military advisors.This show is another one that I am sure brought more of the Hollywood \"actors\" into reality. Courage Under Fire with Denzel, Lone Survivor with Mark Wahlberg, and American Sniper with Bradley Cooper. All met and admired the real American heroes.....the military. Once they did their films they met the real Americans. They changed. This movie is so true to life, because of Taylor, it will show all the viewers just what our heroes do everyday to keep us safe.We'll worth the time to watch. I'm watching it a second time.","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 August 2023"}
{"title":"... all coming before unquestionably deserved better","review":"... series overall was good, with a top-notch well-known-cast, and having exceptional-production-values... yet it all came down to the final dozen minutes of the last episode of season one... too much was just not believable, like all the shots fired by the bad-guys missing the target each-every-round hundreds-of-'em... and the sniper on a boat floating-out on the water making dead-on target hits-kills, every shot he fires... and the entire top-secret special-ops-mission gets discovered-last-minute because of what... now-really... they could have should have come up with a different much more solidly-believable-ending-scenario more-convoluted-complex most-likely, not anywhere near as clean-simple as this one... it just took away-collapsed all the momentum they succeeded in building from the start and throughout the series... just becoming another-pat American-action-drama wham-bam-finish... unfortunate.","rating":"6\/10","date":"7 September 2023"}
{"title":"Exciting end to an amazing show","review":"Out of all of the Taylor Verse, this show I will miss the most! What a great episode to cap off this series. Top notch performances lead by Zoe Saldana and her QRF of mis fits. The action of the White House was well written and seems very plausible in our current political climate that the US would consider not acting against a terrorist to not ruffle any foreign feathers. This (hopefully season 1 of many) went by too fast for sure. AMC master of ceremonies Nicole Kidman s husband was very well played in this episode as well as the rest of the series as a wild card that played in riddles that left us wondering what piece he played. Another masterpiece by Taylor and we can only hope there is more to come!","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Disappointed With Taylor Sheridan!","review":"Binged this over a couple of days. Lots of disappointing plot holes, but most distracting was the fizzog on Nicole Kidman!! What the hell has she done to her face?? Especially the mouth. She reminded me of Plug from the Bash Street Kids, (UK comic folk my age will remember - google for pics!) or even Smithers or Moe from the the Simpsons! Good Lord woman! Get a grip!!Was it worth watching? Not really. Surprisingly disappointing fare from the usually excellent Taylor Sheridan. I'm sure the CIA\/NSA procedurals were intact for the most part but to be honest, who cares? The glaring inconsistancies, such as the Whitehouse staff knowing nothing about the operation until the very last moment. And a whole host of other plot holes that I can't be bothered to mention, meant that although I watched the complete season, I ended up laughing at much of it.","rating":"6\/10","date":"22 April 2024"}
{"title":"Compelling to the max","review":"I honestly am not sure if it at character driven or just great acting. There is something about this that is magnetic. Literally at the end of every episode I can't recall anything significant that happens but I can't stop watching. It's either incredible acting or some compelling story telling. Nicole kidman is magnetic. Only in a few scenes each episode and she commands attention. Zoey is unbelievable. Maybe the best she had acted. I can't pinpoint what is great about this but I can't stop watching!Slow burn with great acting, great character development, and compelling story telling. Highlight recommend.","rating":"9\/10","date":"28 August 2023"}
{"title":"A spy story with a human personal twist.","review":"Special Ops: Lioness, the new spy thriller on Paramount+, boasts star power with Zoe Saldana, Laysla De Oliveira, and Morgan Freeman, but stumbles in finding a consistent balance between its intricate plot and everyday human drama.Saldana shines as Joe, a CIA operative grappling with the emotional toll of her high-stakes job. De Oliveira's Cruz is equally compelling as a young recruit drawn into the world of undercover operations. Their performances carry the show, especially during scenes that delve into the psychological complexities of their characters.Michael Kelly delivers a nuanced portrayal of a seasoned intelligence officer, adding depth and gravitas to the ensemble. However, Morgan Freeman's guest appearance, while intriguing, feels somewhat underutilized, leaving me wanting more from my Hollywood legend.The show's plot is a bit complex, weaving together intricate storylines of geopolitical intrigue and undercover missions. But this complexity sometimes comes at the expense of clarity. It can be challenging to keep track of the numerous characters and shifting allegiances, especially for viewers unfamiliar with the real-life \"Team Lioness\" program on which I guess the series is loosely based.What redeems Lioness is its occasional bursts of action, expertly choreographed and executed. These sequences provide adrenaline-pumping breaks from the slower-paced dialogue-driven scenes, reminding viewers of the high stakes at play.Overall, Special Ops: Lioness offers a potent blend of intrigue and character drama, anchored by strong performances from its lead cast. However, its somewhat convoluted plot and inconsistent pacing may test the patience of some viewers. Ultimately, the show's success will depend on whether it can strike a more satisfying balance between its cerebral ambitions and its visceral thrills in future seasons.The show raises interesting questions about the ethical implications of covert operations and the human cost of fighting terrorism.","rating":"7\/10","date":"17 December 2023"}
{"title":"Taylor Sheridan is the best hands down!","review":"Anyone that gave this a bad review Can't know what a good entertaining show is! I would say don't listen to them and give it a go yourself. Each episode has been entertaining from start to finish and I can't wait for the next one coming Sunday! If you haven't seen Tulsa King or the two prequels to Yellowstone, give them a watch too. Shouldn't be disappointed. They are both great and a must watch! I don't know how taylor comes up with all these great shows for paramount but I have yet to be disappointed! Hopefully this strike will be over soon and we can get the closures we need for other series!","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Loved every second!!","review":"If you are looking for a new show to binge watch this is it, what a great series! The story line is unique and entertaining which drew me in after the first episode. It's not your typical war movie type thing, each episode left on a cliff hanger which made me want more. And the last episode..... was exactly what I was hoping for. The ending could have been a bit better but I'm not mad about it.Such a fan of Zoe Saldana and thought she was amazing, her acting in this series really stood out. Also really impressed by Laysla Oliveira who deserves an award for her performance. The last episode especially was just WOW.","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 September 2023"}
{"title":"A thriller with very good","review":"Lioness is a captivating thriller that explores how political turmoil is handled in real-world situations. It's a daunting reality that reminds us that we are mere pawns in a vast game. Episode eight features a chilling line: \"Why worry about climate change? The human race won't survive long enough for it to matter.\" It's a brutally honest observation that hits close to home. The show boasts an impressive cast, including Zoe Salda\u00f1a, Nicole Kidman, Morgan Freeman, Laysla de Oliveira (who delivers an incredible performance), and Michael Kelly. Kudos to the team behind this production. We can only hope for a second season, although nothing has been confirmed yet.","rating":"9\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Promised nothing but delivered it all","review":"I was initially drawn to this series by the big names such as Nicole Kidman, Morgan Freeman and Zoe Saldana but I stayed because of St\u00e9phanie Nur and Laysla de Oliveira. I really enjoyed how the plot developed and how from a mission focused series a romance bloomed. St\u00e9phanie Nur in particular outshined such big names in this series with her Aaliyah character, she really embodied the rich daddy's girl and I hope this was the catapult to her successful career. From a series which such big names, Laysla and St\u00e9phanie are certainly the talk of the town. I really enjoyed this series and I hope there is a season 2 as we need closure and to see the aftermath of the lioness's actions.","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 September 2023"}
{"title":"LALA Land","review":"Seriously? This is the best they can up with? Suddenly a woman who get beat by her boyfriend, beats up a much bigger guy? Stay true to reality. There's a big difference in fiction & reality. None that was portrayed will ever happen. Worked way too long in this industry to say I saw it happen. Never happened.LALA Land is fictional, reality is an eye opener & real. Unfortunately Tinseltown now want to make belief woman are just as good as men, if not better. Nothing wrong with it. Remember some of us who served will always look for certain things. With what is potrayed, these woman will be dead in an instant.","rating":"","date":"28 July 2023"}
{"title":"Good Acting and Action but...","review":"It's good acting and action so far with the first 2 episodes, but the issue is why would the \"mark\" befriend Cruz, she isn't particularly charming and is more of a tomboy as opposed to the young lady she's supposed to infiltrate. It makes no sense why she would talk to her let alone leave the store with her then call and want to hang out with her in another city, maybe because she's American but none of their interaction sparked friendship chemistry which is important. They could've done a better job establishing that friendship, normal people don't make friends or associates they hang out with the easy. However the action and pacing is good so it's worth a watch so far.","rating":"7\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Season 2??","review":"If yall don't make season 2 I'm suing \u6e38\ub574\u6e38\ub574As a person who hates these type of movies - I loved every part of it, except Joe's family drama. I find it unnecessary if the show was supposed to be only one season. I really hope if there is a season 2 we can see some unfolding there and of course the girls to find a way to be with each other. I'm tired of women LGBT movies not having a happy ending. The chemistry was there. Everybody played their role splendid. Some scene made my stomach turn and I felt like I'm there and it's happening to me. It's a rare find with crappy movies these days so I really hope we get to see and enjoy more.","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 September 2023"}
{"title":"flawed finale","review":"I normally like Taylor Sheridan's material, and this series held my interest for the most part. In fact, I would have enjoyed it more had the finale not had such a glaring flaw it could not be overlooked. Perhaps some viewers will be able to take it with a grain, or some perhaps may not notice. Unfortunately for me, I kept waiting for the twist or the punchline which never came. It is not my intention to spoil this experience for anyone, however I will leave a hint below which you are free to ignore. Otherwise, for the most part it's a well-executed show which can be entertaining for the most part.(hint: if interested look for the enemies \"security\" tech which is made unbelievably smarter than the \"ops\")","rating":"6\/10","date":"7 September 2023"}
{"title":"Great performance by Zoe Saldana","review":"Out of everything I've seen Zoe Saldana in, this is definitely a top performance by her. She is certified bad ass in this role and seems very comfortable, and believable, playing the alpha in a military-type drama. The show wouldn't have been nearly as successful if she weren't cast as the lead.There are some other noteworthy performances by Laysla De Oliveira and the QRF team that was cast. Nicole Kidman's performance was stiff, but it worked for her role.Taylor Sharidan seems to have a solid formula for both writing and producing quality shows as of late. He's developed enough of a reputation that I'm willing to oversee questionable show ratings and take a chance on watching his content.I'm definitely looking forward to another season with these characters.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 December 2023"}
{"title":"The Taylor Sheridan universe gets a female hero","review":"Like most of Taylor Sheridan's series this one has more plot than it can handle. It combines politics and most of the elements that were created in the much better show, The Unit. The good: Zoe Saldana takes a break from the Avatar universe and plays a military\/CIA handler type here. She is very good. Laysla De Olivier plays the title character. Their relationship or lack there is the heart of the story. When it sticks to them, this show is very watchable. But it doesn't. Sheridan wants his cake too. He combines political\nIntrigue in the form of Nicole Kidmans character. Kidman, a very good actress, is wasted here, always looking steely eyed and conniving. Is it me or not, but every time I see Kidman now I am distracted by her plastic surgery. It looks like someone has put\nPlastic over faced and stretched all the life out of her. She just looks weird. It is distracting. Morgan Freeman who is in every marketing photo op for this production is nowhere to be found. Let me guess, he shows up later and has a very important role. If you are a Sheridan completist than by all means watch this. If not, take the good with the bad. Definitely not as good as The Unit, Tulsa King, Yellowstone, or 1888.","rating":"6\/10","date":"4 August 2023"}
{"title":"Trash","review":"Mary Sue to high heavens, super girl party and polyamory all in the first half of the first episode.. Click!Opens with teenage style cussing, drama and understanding of the military, CIA, etc.Supposedly, Mary Sue scored is in the 99th on AFAB, which has never occurred, after doing 20 pull ups for PT, which has never occurred, and scored 99th in the mens PT, which has never occurred, nor will it. Women's pull ups btw is considered top physical fitness at 7, men is 18. You get the picture.CIA officer chick comes back home, asks if husband of her 2 kids if he has been screwing other women, to which he says not many. She says, same. Immediately turned it off.","rating":"1\/10","date":"26 July 2023"}
{"title":"A solid espionage show","review":"I've watched the whole show. Very much enjoyed the trials & tribulations of the main characters & their respective journeys through this mission.The world building felt real & believable.The characters are well written and effectively delivered. The plot stays on point and does not stray from the path. There is very little to no fat on this. The scenes and script don't feel bloated or padded. Every scene has purpose, adding to the characters journey or the development of the situation.The actors all give great performances. The action scenes are thorough and exciting. Very well shot, choreographed. Overall, yes a great show.","rating":"8\/10","date":"24 October 2023"}
{"title":"Near flawless. The masterful technique involved disappears into the epic tale.","review":"Holey moley! Does a TV military action thriller ever get any better than this? I can't think of one and I've been watching since Vic Morrow held me enthralled as he escorted me through the hedgerows of wartime Normandy.I can think of more stylish thrillers, exploiting the medium of television in new and exciting ways, like Kenedy-Martin's original Edge of Darkness miniseries. But for straight-out plausible integrated storytelling which never throws you out of the drama by drawing attention to technique, there is none better at it than Taylor Sheridan and this has to be his crowning achievement so far.I would have given him and his team 10\/10, but that would leave no room for them to surpass themselves on the next project.And only God and Nadia Comaneci are perfect, right Taylor?","rating":"9\/10","date":"15 September 2023"}
{"title":"The last episode was amazing","review":"The tension between characters, great playing of all actors e actress, make that plot a potencial blockbuster\nThe last episode was amazing.Stephanie Nur is absolutely beautiful The tension between characters, great playing of all actors e actress, make that plot a potencial blockbuster\nThe last episode was amazing.Bl\uce58-bl\uce58-bl\uce58 The last episode was amazing. The last episode was amazingBl\uce58-bl\uce58-bl\uce58 The last episode was amazing. The last episode was amazing\nThe tension between characters, great playing of all actors e actress, make that plot a potencial blockbuster\nThe last episode was amazing.Bl\uce58-bl\uce58-bl\uce58 The last episode was amazing. The last episode was amazingThe tension between characters, great playing of all actors e actress, make that plot a potencial blockbuster\nThe last episode was amazing.Bl\uce58-bl\uce58-bl\uce58 The last episode was amazing. The last episode was amazing.The tension between characters, great playing of all actors e actress, make that plot a potencial blockbuster\nThe last episode was amazing.Bl\uce58-bl\uce58-bl\uce58 The last episode was amazing. The last episode was amazing.","rating":"9\/10","date":"18 September 2023"}
{"title":"I'd love more of this","review":"One gauge for a story's rating is how you feel about it and the characters when it's over. Do you never think about it again, or are you immediately wanting to know what happens next? Do you not care what happens to the characters, or are you disappointed that it's over and there might not be any more?When Special Ops: Lioness was close to ending, I immediately looked to see if there was an epilogue coming. I watched the final scenes and wanted to know what else was going to happen. I may or may not ever have those feelings satiated.I really enjoyed this show. It took a few episodes to grow on me. But then it became a reason to look forward to Sunday. The cast and acting are very good. The characters' conflicts feel genuine. The emotions feel honest. The action scenes are kinetic and energized. I love that the three main characters are strong women.This is just my opinion. But i want some more please.","rating":"8\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Too much drama and unrealistic incidents","review":"Impressions of the series after four episodes. A bit too much drama with the lead character and the teenage daughter. I get that that the writer(s) wants the viewers to see how the daughter gets her stubbornness from her mother. And there's the dynamics with her superior(Kaitlyn Meade played by Nicole Kidman) and operative(Cruz played by Laysla De Oliveira). I'm all for this if the writing can manage to convince me that this team leader can do her job and keep her house in order.There are some unrealistic incidents. One would be that the team would take on a side project while they are on a high-priority mission. Another is the CIA is short-staffed that they can't find an extraction team for such an important asset and no superiors is aware of it? And then there is the well-trained female operative doesn't suspect that her cocktail drink is drugged.","rating":"","date":"7 August 2023"}
{"title":"the elephant in the room","review":"A reasonable story but I found the transformation of Nicole Kidman so distracting and annoying we had to pull the plug on the series.I expect she paid a lot for the work but it looks so odd. Masculine chin, sucked in cheeks and odd lips. Give me the old Nicole any day.Why can't people just age naturally?The other actors were pretty well cast and for an action packed militaristic storyline it seemed to be heading in the right direction.There was one scene were a truck came out of nowhere and I couldn't figure out if that was a planned or accidental incident in the story.Since there are so many high reviews, either the things that bother me are just me or others suspend judgement due to it being a drama, or they or people they know indulge in the same surgery, so it's normal.","rating":"6\/10","date":"20 October 2023"}
{"title":"Zoe is a force in this show","review":"This show had me hooked within the first 10 minutes of the first episode. The action sequences, the storyline and the characters make this show phenomenal.I'm not sure how the CIA operates, but based on the thousands of shows and movies that I've seen throughout my lifetime, I feel like this show nails it.I'm a huge fan of the Jack Ryan series but this series shows how women are complete bad asses in the military, private sector, and government agencies.Besides, Zoe, leading a stellar cast along with Nicole Kidman, Morgan Freeman, Tyler Sheridans regular James Jordan, Laysla De Oliveira, David Annable and one of my favorite character actors Michael Kelly.Ignore the negative reviews, I guarantee you'll love it after watching the first episode.I feel like the people that gave this a negative, still live in their parents basement covered in Dorito dust and a steady diet of Ramen, Cheetos and Mountain Dew, Code Red of course.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Taylor Sheridan dropped the ball with this one!!","review":"Too far fetched and very unrealistic! The writers should have researched the wealthy Middle Eastern lifestyle a lot more before attempting this story. CIA carrying out various operations independently while keeping the White House in the dark is probably common knowledge but this was a bit far fetched! The target of the CIA's elaborate operations seemed over the top.Zoe Saldana's character as a mother was confusing....and conflicting.The story line was weak. It made no sense!Taylor Sheridan has produced some amazing series like Yellowstone, Mayor of Kingstown, etc. This was not one of his finest works. I was not too impressed!!","rating":"6\/10","date":"6 November 2023"}
{"title":"Excellent Watching - A SEASON, 2, 3, 4 and 5~ please!","review":"Working remotely in the industry, it is clear the series has engaged solid consulting to vibrantly story tell. The first 2 episodes have set us up for a brilliantly portrayed and acted ride. Love the cast and new comer who is playing \"Cruz.\" Their \"physicality\" is spot on and if anyone studies the world landscape, served, is well read in terms of the ever changing and shifting hegemonic theories and their behaviors it ranks up there with Homeland. Nothing is over acted and enjoy some of what fare weather reviews call cliches. It is theatre. Love the stoicism of Kidman, forever in love with Michael Kelly ( please win an award already) and Zaldana is the truth! Laysla De'Olivier is delicious. Keep pushing Taylor Sheridan and team! Love this!","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"The latest output from the Taylor Sheridan factory","review":"As \"Lioness\" (2023 release; 8 episodes of about 41-42 min each) opens, we are introduced to Joe, who is leading a field mission in Iraq. Joe's team includes an undercover woman, who alas gets exposed. Joe and her team rushes to secure the undercover woman. In a parallel story, we are introduces to Cruz, a diner cook in Oklahoma City, but also the victim of domestic abuse. She is desperate for a way out... At this point we are 10 minutes into Episode 1.Couple of comments: this is the latest output from the Taylor Sheridan factory. After starting his Hollywood career with top-notch (and awards winning) films like \"Sicario\", \"Hell or High Water\" and \"Wind River', Sheridan switched tactics and became involved in multiple TV series, most notably \"Yellowstone\" (since 2018), but also \"Mayor of Kingstown\" (since 2021), \"Tulsa King\" (since 2022), \"1923\" (since 2022), and now this. So yes, Sheridan is involved in writing, producing, and\/or directing 5 TV series that are all on-going in one stage or another. How does he manage that? While the settings are very different, \"Lioness\" feels in tone and vibe quite similar to \"Mayor of Kingstown\". The cast is quite good, including also omni-present Zoe Salda\uce68a (as Joe), up-and-coming Canadian actress Laysla De Oliveira (as Cruz), but also Nicole Kidman (as a high ranking CIA operative, a small but important role). So yes, this is enjoyable although I can't really say that this is all quite memorable. Last but not least, this mini-series is titled (per the opening credits\" \"Lioness\". There is not mention whatsoever of \"Special Ops\" anywhere in the opening or closing credits.\"Lioness\" premiered on Paramount+ 2 weeks ago and as of now three episodes have been released. New episodes are available on Sundays. If you are in the mood for a decent mini-series set in the belly of the CIA and all that entails, or if you are simply a fan of Taylor Sheridan, I'd readily suggest you check this out, and draw your own conclusion.*UPDATE* I've now seen all episodes and I've upgraded my rating to 7\/10 stars. Really enjoyed this.","rating":"7\/10","date":"5 August 2023"}
{"title":"One of the Best Shows of 2023","review":"Despite a plot outline that's hard to swallow, there's a lot to be impressed by with this show.Saldana is as good as always, and supported by an artfully selected supporting cast.Though I struggled to accept Saldana's character having established a \"normal\" family (doctor husband and two daughters) and the fact that everything that could go wrong with that situation does in fact go wrong, I couldn't help but root for her. The funny part is, I don't think her character was likable and I had little respect for her choices, but I wanted her to success because the story was very raw and real in most ways.I can't say much else is wrong. It has great performances, great dialogue, sympathetic and highly flawed characters (very tricky to pull off) and a kick-ass finish.","rating":"9\/10","date":"10 September 2023"}
{"title":"Genuinely great","review":"Forget the poor rate. If you appreciate fine spy combined with action, suspense and a heavy drama, you better watch this one. The cast is superb and the acting is top notch.Sometimes I feel the reviews here very relentless, and people forget to analyze shows in a simpler way. If something has excellent plot, cast, acting, production and direction, It sure must be praised.Laysla de Oliveira and Zoe Zaldana deliver raw and strong performances. And let's be honest? It's very rare seeing Nicole Kidman envolved with something that is NOT high quality. And here, we have her acting and producing the show!Not to be missed at all!!!","rating":"9\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Leaves you on your seat","review":"It really does leave you on your seat it's a great storyline, great actors well worth the season two three and four and so forth this is one show that I know a lot of people that respect the aet of war will be disappointed if they don't continue. I hope that continues on the cringey path for it's not disappointing in all aspects and is through and through a great show it is what shows are made of when I first watched it it didn't have me on my seat until the third episode but it is definitely a series that you do not want to miss if you love The aspects of war a lot of people will dislike it for how they use women in The art of war but this is a prime example.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"Entertaining? Yes. Somewhat accurate? Yes. Fun? Yes","review":"For all the haters saying this is clich\uce60, propaganda et. Al. - go outside.This series was extremely entertaining, spot on with the entertainment, action, drama, and everything else a good binge TV show needs.If you don't feel this way, then you need to get a job, go outside, and start socializing. I am somewhat afraid of what these critics have become today by giving this TV show a mere 50-70% aggregate score.I truly enjoyed this TV show. It had great acting (really good!), the plot showed some good resemblance of what it a lioness does (female infiltration), along with a good quality back up cast and main cast. Was Zoe great? Yes. Was everyone? Yes.What were my main problems? The episodes were too short, the action could have been better defined and prolonged.Overall, I truly enjoyed this TV series and I hope it is renewed for a second season. I hope that each actor\/ress recasted brings the same fire and indulgence.Thank you to the show producers, everyone involved, for bringing such a good show to the mainstream!","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Unfortunately, Kidman's appearance ruins the entire series","review":"I wanted to love the show. Actually I do love it, with one exception, but this exception ruins the entire series.Whenever Nicole Kidman's character arrives in a scene, I am immediately pulled out of the story, and find myself asking this question:\"Does someone actually go into a plastic surgeon's office and say, 'Hey Doc, I want FB\/Insta-pursed duck-lips, please. Make it so when I am just standing there my lips are pursed all the time, so I don't have to go through the effort of doing it myself. Oh, and can you make this permanent too? Thank you.'\"Kidman's appearance is so distracting that I often miss the dialogue that transpires right after she shows up, so I end up having to rewind and watch it again, either with my eyes closed, or with my hand over the part of my TV that has Kidman on it. Only then will I be able to actually hear what is being said.The show would be a solid 7\/10 without Kidman, but unfortunately, with her, it is so unwatchable that I have to give it a 3.","rating":"","date":"15 September 2023"}
{"title":"Could have been better","review":"With a cast like that - it was disappointing and I love Government Action Spy shows - like Jack Ryan etc. To sum up it was a melodramatic action morass. The home story lines were unnecessarily long and too detailed and took away from the story line - the main character was an action hero until she almost had a nervous breakdown during the OP and the writers wrote in a wet op lynch pin with more flaws than a broker glass - She was trained to be a killer but apparently wasn't told that for some reason and blew up at her boss when she did her job and blamed her boss for making her what she was - really realistic - I will be surprised if there is a season 2.","rating":"7\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Absolutely Amazing","review":"One of the best tv series I've seen. The characters were amazing and the writing was exceptional. I felt it gave an insight into terrorism, America, culture, and politics. Nicole Kidman played another ace character and the dynamics\/conversation with her husband were cryptic and telling of the oil industry. Zoe, Laysla, Jill, and Stephanie were my favorite characters. The relationship and intimacy between Laysla and Stephanie was palpable. Morgan Freeman's role was small, but well incorporated. The way the series left off has made way for more seasons that will keep getting better.I absolutely cannot wait for Season 2!","rating":"10\/10","date":"26 September 2023"}
{"title":"Just watched the final episode","review":"As we all knew, this mission should never have existed. But, if Ms. Lioness is so self-righteous about what she is doing and how right it is, why is she crying? Nothing made sense here.I wish we could have a real show about real issues, instead of this star-studded mess of BS culminating in a huge reversal. Let's get real, OK?I gave it a 6\/10 overall because it was entertaining to me, but it has left a bad taste in my mouth due to it's failure to commit to a point of view. Either the US should or should not be executing people. I vote for not, but this show doesn't seem to have an overall point of view, so I took off 1 point for that.","rating":"6\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Other Reviews for this Shed Light Misogyny Faced by Women in the Military","review":"The TV series stands out for its portrayal of authentic characters and captivating plots. It has successfully held the interest of a wide audience. However, as a female military member with experience working for special operations, I'm not surprised by the reviews from fellow service members shedding light on the prevalent misogyny within the Department of Defense, especially within special forces.These candid reviews reveal a troubling issue of misogyny faced by women in the military. The subjective nature of how talent and leadership are perceived by the misogynistic mindset are on full display in the military members comments and show how even the most talented females are treated in the military culture. People rarely admit to being sexist and would never admit that their views are biased, but it is easy to spot for people without such bigoted views.The show may captivate viewers, but it's crucial that the public pays attention to these comments, as they highlight the sexism embedded in the military, funded by taxpayer dollars. It's a stark reminder of the environment in which daughters are placed when they serve our country, potentially risking their lives for our freedoms.","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 September 2023"}
{"title":"Terroists are good now?","review":"Could've been great but left feeling military secret ops is bad and they can't be family people, but somehow the terrorists are good sensible wholesome folks. Ending was good and at least they had a realistic view of the ones calling the shots...which was not flattering.Good acting. Weird skin crawling scenes of abuse and love. The military fight sequences were done well. They were quick and action packed versus long drawn out scenes which would not have been realistic.Needed closure on situation room, QRT room, and the lioness. The only closure was the main character.So well contrived show with some really unimaginable takes on terrorism.","rating":"6\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Hard pass - stop writing kids into adult shows","review":"Sorry but no. I have a hard time with Nicole Kidman as a hard nosed clandestine ops leader. Still no idea what her on screen husband has to do with this. Zoe's suited for her role. The Lioness assest..... yeah, I'm still on the fence there. But the biggest no for is the the snarky a-hole kid.Can they just stop writing huge amounts of dialog for the kids in shows, bc lately it's become a huge turnoff. I've stopped watching adult shows bc of the stupid back chatting kids. Shows are a means of escape, but instead let's pull out the therapy couch. If I wanted to watch a family drama, I'd be watching a family drama. This is not the place.","rating":"3\/10","date":"28 August 2023"}
{"title":"Surprisingly honest script","review":"Quite interesting TV show.Plot is very good, script has no loose ends, good work for Taylor Sheridan. Few parallel stories well guided and showed. In script are touched several very sensitive questions of US politics and government. Story reveal their methods and real motivs, who wants to see will see cold and sharp truth.Acting: Astonish performance of Laysla De Oliveira and Zoe Saldana as well. Rest of crew is standard. Pleasant surprise of Nicole Kidman who didn't take much of minutes, and those where we can see her are OK. In meantime we got familiar withher stoned face lines.Anyway, from my side rate is nine, mostly because of bravely chosen theme, good acting and good production. Well done, please don't make sequell, it will ruin great impression.","rating":"9\/10","date":"21 September 2023"}
{"title":"Exciting end to a second season","review":"This is the best series that I have ever seen. With weight list: zo\u00c3\u00ab salda\u00c3\u00b1a, nicole kidman, morgan freeman, laysla de oliveira...how could this go wrong? Impossible. Good acting, good characters and good plot. You'll like this show, unless you're just looking for a series of action, war, blood... you'll find that but there will be sub-cores, especially about Joe's personal life (zo\u00c3\u00ab salda\u00c3\u00b1a) that part is really boring. I reaffirm, I really want a second season, maybe with new stories with the same characters, or a continuation, I don't know the ending was wide open to think about a sequel for the second season.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"High Quality Acting","review":"This is so much better than the 7.6 it gets. Very good acting, very good dialogues, realistic mixture of drama and intelligence work. Nice vanera work. Good editing.So much better than Jack Boring Ryan for example, or so much similar CIA series. The writer really knows how it works within this rotten agency corrupted by politics, secrecy and money.I would say the only one that doesnt really fit in is Kidman. Not really of her acting, which is ok, but more because that face of hers looks so plastic and weird, it just distracts from the story and role she plays.This one deserves a season 2 and 3 if they keep up this level. And this should be at least an 8.5.","rating":"9\/10","date":"27 August 2023"}
{"title":"Loved it!","review":"If you're looking for an action-packed series with strong female leads, then Lioness Special Ops is a must-watch! This show follows the harrowing experiences of a group of elite female soldiers, as they navigate their way through dangerous missions with grit, determination, and courage. The series manages to balance intensity with character-driven moments as we see these women grow and evolve through their struggles.The writing is well-crafted, and the acting is top-notch, with standout performances from the entire cast. The action sequences are skillfully choreographed and executed, making every moment of the show a thrilling ride. Overall, Lioness Special Ops is a captivating series that's a must-see for anyone who loves action, strong female characters, and a gripping storyline. Highly recommended!","rating":"9\/10","date":"4 October 2023"}
{"title":"Crash Course on CIA Assets Operating in Post-ISIS Iraq\/Syria World","review":"This series embodies the theme ''Every action has consequences'' in every sense of the word. The screenplay is fantastic, it reflects our current volatile world. Breaking my review into 2 parts, Disliked and Liked.Parts I Disliked, too much unnecessary sex scenes. Some filler episodes just there to fill in the gap which did not have much effect on the main storyline.Parts I Liked, the opening sequence in Ep1 beginning in Syria was a blast to watch. Seeing an A-10 'Warthog' Thunderbolt II CAS (close air support) attack aircraft in action was a sight to behold. CQB (close-quarters battle) tactics employed by CIA assets are on point, deadly and precise. Dialogue written for the characters are filled with thought provoking stuff.Michael Kelly seems to be the go to actor for anything spy thriller related ever since his role in ''Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan Season 2'' as CIA field officer Mike November. Nice to see Morgan Freeman and Nicole Kidman for the 1st time together in a TV show. Background score is phoenmonal. Overall, a very thrilling ride. Hopefully a Season 2 in the future.","rating":"7\/10","date":"8 September 2023"}
{"title":"Definitely kept me guessing","review":"This series was a pleasant surprise. Much of what happened was fairly unpredictable. Honestly, I was expecting an ongoing mission in the desert. The stateside adventures were a welcome change from the typical Arab terrorist hunt storylines. Whether the CIA procedures depicted are fact or fiction doesn't matter. The show is very exciting to watch. The only thing I seem to predict was the lesbian relationship between Cruz and Aaliyah in episode 7.The makeup work was first rate depicting cuts and bruises. Nudity was not exploitative and was usually required for the story to be realistic.The only fault that I found were the blackouts between some scenes. It was like the shows were made to have commercials despite being on a commercial free streaming service.","rating":"8\/10","date":"2 October 2023"}
{"title":"Worth it for Stephanie Nur","review":"This was my first introduction to the actresss who plays Aaliyah- stephanie nur- and she blew me away. She was by far the stand out performance of the series. It wasn't bad , but it could have been so much better. She was the reason I finished the series and I was not dissatisfied. Also her beauty is otherworldly.Repeat:This was my first introduction to the actresss who plays Aaliyah- stephanie nur- and she blew me away. She was by far the stand out performance of the series. It wasn't bad , but it could have been so much better. She was the reason I finished the series and I was not dissatisfied. Also her beauty is otherworldly.","rating":"7\/10","date":"17 October 2023"}
{"title":"This show is not boring like we expect .","review":"The storyline of this show is something else , usually we see that men are the special operative , men are alway the best one , but in here women is the best , using all the feeling they had . The plot though is intense and not boring at all, every eps they always has the own problem and and their instense . And suprisingly there's some love story in here , maybe because the women are the main character here , right ? But its the sad ending i think for the love story . And i want to give special thank to Laysla De Oliveira her acting is so good , my fav is when she already falling in love with aaliyah , her frustration acting is so good . I give 9\/10 stars for her. And i can lie that Zoe also have 8.8\/10 stars from me in this show , the way she handle between her family and the mission .","rating":"8\/10","date":"30 March 2024"}
{"title":"\"Good\"","review":"I started watching the show with my wifesearching for a show that can satisfy our need fot action and spionage. It started pretty well, engaging us for a moment, the next episodes end this peak, and give us a regular show of spies of the 21st century with nothing different from the others shows. The trama was a quite interesting, but no intriguing, at least not for us. We like the set in it was prepared and some characters (having some arcs that we appreciate), but this all. The season final gave us a kinda mixed feeling on the mouth but it doesn\u00c2\u00b4t satisfied us at all. Zoe Saldana\u00c2\u00b4s perfomenace was their best we have seen at the moment. Taylor Sherdian did an \"x job\".","rating":"7\/10","date":"6 March 2024"}
{"title":"THAT'S IT?","review":"It is Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan wanna be make over.The plot is the weakest i have seen in ages, the girl who is supposed to \"blend in\" always looked like she just out of a bar fight and somehow the highly secured target detail didnt think anything of it like what??????Even the idea of questioning the intentions and implications of the mission at the end was just there to make you give it 2 stars instead of one.Dialogue is weak, characters are weak, and the plot is the worst.If I was you I wouldn't even waste my time.The one star really was for morgan freeman (for the two minutes of screentime he god anyway)","rating":"1\/10","date":"5 September 2023"}
{"title":"Insightful, impactful and important","review":"Insightful on the attitude, excellence and professionalism of those at the tip of the spear; insightful on the interplay between politics and operations; on the break down in communications between the two; and in their attitudes towards each other. Insightful on the forces at play that shape the politics. Not a shallow swim in these waters.Impactful on the human cost of special operations: it's a little known FACT that more special operators kill themselves than are killed by the enemy or in training. We're talking about the team of tier one special forces soldiers portrayed in the movie (likely meant to be of the CIA's Special Operations Group). You might think the human cost portrayed in the movie was too dramatic; but women are more emotionally intelligent than men. Listen to the podcasts featuring retired special forces personnel (think the Shawn Ryan Show)-you'll see the men are coming to the same emotional and intellectual conclusions shown in the movie. It just takes them a bit longer.Important because of its insightfulness. Money and national hegemony (influence) does impact politics. There IS a dramatically tragic price being paid by the Special Forces Operators who are the tip of the spear. It NEEDS to be known and cared about, because they ARE people just like us-and we're all in this life together and none of us are making it out alive. What impacts one of us, impacts all of us; and what one of does, all of us do...In short Taylor Sheridan is crushing it in this one. Not to be missed. Can't wait for season 2; but he's got this-he has a proven history of it.","rating":"9\/10","date":"3 February 2024"}
{"title":"Absolutely fantastic. Read on","review":"This show is probably one of the greatest I have seen. I'd lost faith in Sheridan after the yellowstone debacle. But credit where it's due.The screenplay, characterisation, the drama, the action are all subpar. I spent the duration of 8 episodes on the edge of my seat.This has elements of of Mamet's \"the unit\" and from the first series, as much as it pains me to say, is actually superior.Unless you're an inferior man who cannot contemplate a woman doing anything other than whatever it is your small mind dictates, you are gonna love this show. And you will binge it.Kudos cast and crew, you have achieved something special and televised something incredible.","rating":"9\/10","date":"6 September 2023"}
{"title":"Beyond expectations","review":"What a killer show. I loved the thrilling storyline, covert ops and great cast but it was the character development that really got me hooked. Moral and ethical dilemmas, personal vs public gain shifting perspectives on mission objectives. Really intense.The only thing that withheld me from rating it 10\/10 was the 'family' storyline, It seemed a bit of an obligated 'extra', not really adding much value to the overall experience. In my opinion it could better be either left out entirely of have more integration with the main storyline. For instance, if one of the grandchildren would have attended the same school in the US as the daughter did, and unraveling from thereon.But still, I totally loved it and hope there wiill be next seasons!!!","rating":"9\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Taylor Sheridan does it again","review":"I have watched 1923 and 1883 and now Lioness. I am yet to be disappointed!! The story takes a different turn for this genre by putting strong 4 female leads into what would usually be a male dominated story. It is absolutely believable! I am of course not in the CIA and don't have to be. It's not a documentary, it's entertainment and if you weren't entertained by this then you are not a spy genre fan. Great side stories! They left me wanting more, they left me feeling for the characters, and he didn't end it by wrapping the story in the American flag. We are smart enough to know these things are very complicated so no need for that stuff. Don't know what season 2 will be or if there will be one but I am sure it will take us on another well written, well acted, and well directed adventure!","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 October 2023"}
{"title":"Don't expect a military action thriller","review":"I was hoping this series would be a CIA thriller with some action and espionage... and those elements were included. The dialogue was solid, but there was a lot drama that dragged the narrative. I didn't enjoy the domestic scenes where our main protagonist tries to be a good mother and wife and wrestles with keeping a balance with her work life. These scenes probably totaled an episode or two of run time and I found them to be tedious.This show is heavily balanced to the drama genre, and much less on action\/thriller. I was hoping for a show similar to Jack Ryan... Lioness was disappointing. I would have enjoyed this much more if it were shortened to 5-6 episodes instead of 8.","rating":"6\/10","date":"19 October 2023"}
{"title":"Ready for season two!","review":"Great story, great acting, great action, the realism and suspense is amazing and captivating. Zero dark thirty, call of duty wrapped together. I'm late to this series so I had the luxury of binge watch but I can only imagine watching when new and being on the edge of my seat waiting for the follow week episode. All the character roles were played beautifully. Cast superb. I truly hope there is some carry over from season one story to season two. The added family element to the characters were great and real. Many stories like this don't attempt to dive in the complexities of having a family while being in special operations professions but this did and it added a reality and realism to the story.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 December 2023"}
{"title":"Some silly things.","review":"The so called leaders at the meetings seem completely removed from any real knowledge of what goes on in the field of any operation. They are either poorly cast, or just very shallow characters. Specifically, Hollar, Mason (she has no place in this movie) and Mullins. I get that having Morgan Freemen gives any movie clout, but his talent is wasted here. It seems very strange to me that at the beginning of the final episode they tell, Byron, that they don't want the target eliminated after all??? What??? Then what was the point of the entire show? One other thing I admit has bothered me about the show was the ridiculously extreme beating given to Cruz, at least in part, because Joe missed a tattoo on her previous asset who was killed during a mission. So it sounds like I hated the series, but the truth is I didn't. I liked it for the most part, and I enjoyed watching some new actors and actresses show their talent.","rating":"7\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Trashy TV at its finest","review":"Yes the premise is far-fetched and the plot sounds contrived and gender-agenda driven, but as a woman I found it wildly entertaining and totally engrossing. The love story between the terroist target's fianc\u00c3\u00a9 and the undercover Marine was complicated, thrilling, erotic and heartbreaking. I definitely wouldn't have been as interested in this series if it was yet another all-male-story set in a war zone. I think the writer did a good job of examining the heartbreaking decisions and consequences through a female lens. It was also good to see Nicole Kidman be actively assertive instead of her usual whispery self.","rating":"8\/10","date":"29 December 2023"}
{"title":"Good show but lots of cringe","review":"Some quick observationsNicole Kidman legit looks like John travolta now. Lots of plastic? She looks weird. Still acts good thoughThe main chick looks better greenThe daughter is repulsive.The main spy chick does a great job.The target girl is greatThe Chemistry between the spy chick and the target girl is greatThe stuff with the husband and the stupid daughter got old fast and I started fast forwarding through all of it. It was just cringe. Bad cringe.I hope the kid isn't in anything else.I wish they'd have spent more time developing the characters of the team. They matter way more than the side quest hubby stuffThe whispery dark crap between Kidman and her weird hubby was also cringe.","rating":"6\/10","date":"24 September 2023"}
{"title":"Perfect Tv show of 2023 - 2026","review":"Special Ops: The Lioness is a great tv show that shows us what soliers and special ops go through on their mission to protect our National security Not to mention the truth is this show is based on a true story which is a plus !!!!!I love this Show I see it Running for at least 3 years. But have the Highest Hopes that it is a 10 year running series or Longer because it does have the potential to be so.So Lets Hope that this series keeps packing those action Packed scenes and delivering those suspenseful mysterious and eye catching Moments that the first two Episodes gave us already. Also would like to mention the lovely Zoe Saldana who performs beautifully well as always in everything she has been in especially since her great movie columbia which was filled with action packed scenes and unforgettable moments of shoot'em up Sequences last but not least her performance in Live by night ...FANTASTIC EXPLOSIVE AND FUN TO WATCH !!!!!!!This New show on paramount plus in my opinion is so Worthy of an emmy award and Kudos to all the actors who perform well on this show. Buckle up and get ready for the Ride The Best show on television and also Last but definitely not least thank you to the creator Taylor Sheridan for making this show happen.Good luck guys not like you will need it and thanks again for always delivering the best of the best.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 July 2023"}
{"title":"Bullseye \u00f0\u0178\u017d\u00af","review":"This show is an absolute hit. Great cast, a thrill ride, filled with good drama and fantastic writing. Good stuff. I am binge watching this right now and I wished it was longer than 8 episodes. I feel cheated and shorted. It is too good to only give us 8 eps. So much meat on the bone with this show. I love stories like this and Who Is Erin Carter? If you like The Night Agent, you will like this show as well. It is a mix of drama, family, love, thriller-suspense, and action. This is just great all around story telling addiction! Do yourself some good and give this a go. It WILL NOT DISAPOINT! Gosh, I hope it doesn't get the horseshoe. This absolutely needs a second season. Enjoy!","rating":"10\/10","date":"31 August 2023"}
{"title":"Dangerously Accurate","review":"I've watched A LOT of different special ops based shows, this one is extremely accurate to the way a mission would go down if it went down. The cast and story are both on point. And it's also a credit to the directors and producers at how well they thought out a way to demonstrate operation turmoil both in the missions and on the bureaucratic stage.A lot of the time you get this full story on one side, and a sliver of what's happening on the other side to set all these events in motion and stop them. And the problem is that's not how most operations run. This show on the other hand had a back and forth between the two flawlessly.My only gripe with this show is that instability of the asset, she was effective but barely, and that would never happen in real life. There are so many different training scenarios specifically to prevent this kind of oversight.8\/10 Fantastic cast, plot and execution. If not for the agent being wildly unstable this would have been a 10.","rating":"8\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"A masterpiece that defies stereo types and celebrates true grit","review":"In a world where military dramas often tread familiar ground, \"Special Ops: Lioness\" emerges as a groundbreaking series that not only captivates with its gripping storyline but also challenges conventional notions of what it means to be a soldier. While some critics may focus on the physical appearances of the characters, this show brilliantly reminds us that military toughness cannot and should not be measured by mere muscle size.\"Special Ops: Lioness\" transcends the boundaries of typical military dramas by delivering a spellbinding narrative that is both thrilling and emotionally resonant. The series follows the journey of a group of exceptional women who defy stereotypes, break barriers, and demonstrate exceptional bravery as they take on the challenges of espionage and covert operations. The plot unfolds with impeccable precision, keeping viewers on the edge of their seats with every twist and turn.One of the most commendable aspects of \"Special Ops: Lioness\" is its unapologetic portrayal of female soldiers who defy traditional gender roles. While some have criticized the characters for not fitting the stereotypical image of bulky, muscle-bound soldiers, this series takes a refreshing and realistic approach. It highlights that military prowess goes far beyond physical appearance and that true strength lies in determination, skill, and mental toughness.The characters in \"Special Ops: Lioness\" are not portrayed as superheroes but as real people with vulnerabilities, strengths, and personal stories. They prove that military excellence is not determined by how much one can bench press but by one's dedication, intelligence, and the ability to adapt to challenging situations. This series brilliantly showcases the mental and emotional resilience required in the world of covert operations, emphasizing that it takes more than physical might to excel in this arena.The cast of \"Special Ops: Lioness\" delivers exceptional performances that bring these multifaceted characters to life. They showcase the strength of character and the tenacity of individuals who are willing to put their lives on the line for a greater cause. The chemistry among the cast members is palpable, adding depth to their relationships and making viewers invest in their journeys.In conclusion, \"Special Ops: Lioness\" is a triumph on multiple fronts. It shatters stereotypes, delivers an engaging and suspenseful storyline, and reminds us that military toughness is not limited to the physical domain. It is a powerful testament to the courage and resilience of women in the armed forces and a celebration of their accomplishments. While some may be quick to judge based on appearances, this series teaches us that true strength comes from within, and that's a message worth embracing and celebrating. Don't miss this exceptional series that redefines what it means to be a soldier in today's world.","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"It wins you over","review":"After watching the first two episodes I wasn't really drawn into the story, the characters and the overall feel of the series. This mainly because the dialogue felt a bit off, sort of unrealistic with a few writing mistakes here and there.However, I kept watching hoping for the best and it honestly payed off. The two lead characters played by Zoe Saldana and Laysa De Oliveira really brought the heat and depth I was looking for. For me It compensated the sometimes weird dialogue choices.I read that some think that the casting choice of Laysa De Oliveira was bad and she doesn't fit the part. I have to respectfully disagree, in my opinion she kills it and really makes the audience believe she is a top tier trained operator.So yeah, if you can overlook the rusty edges of this series it is definitely worth checking out if you're inbetween watching something.","rating":"7\/10","date":"28 August 2023"}
{"title":"Brilliant","review":"This a a brilliantly realistic in terms of how believable it is for the the person who wants to be entertained. If you want facts you need a documentary not this show. The acting is top notch, the story is action packed, and the actors and actresses are completely convincing. It's not a girl power movie like the nonsense Disney is putting out. I Hope this gets another season. I really liked how they portrayed how you might imagine a woman would be flawed in the field yet still able to achieve the result. I suspect in reality this is complete BS but at the end of the day for the average person this kind of makes it more believable. The actress that plays the lioness is really well cast in terms of her physical presence, for me she does pull this off. This is entertainment and people are forgetting that. Most of the other reviewers completed COD and think they are an expert. Look at some of the cases of actual Russian honeytrap operators and what they got up to, this really isn't that much of a stretch, and to think we aren't doing similar is daft.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Boring!!!!","review":"\"Special Ops: Lioness\" fails to live up to its potential as a gripping espionage thriller. Despite a premise ripe with promise, the execution falls disappointingly flat. The characters lack depth, with shallow development that fails to engage viewers emotionally. The plot meanders without clear direction, leaving audiences feeling disconnected and disinterested. While the occasional action sequence provides a fleeting spark of excitement, it's not enough to salvage the overall lackluster experience. Ultimately, \"Special Ops: Lioness\" fails to leave a lasting impression, making it a forgettable addition to the TV landscape.","rating":"6\/10","date":"6 March 2024"}
{"title":"Wow it's so damn good","review":"It's literally riveting from start to finish. The acting is solid and the storyline is realistic. It's must see tv every week for me. Zoe is so outstanding as Joe in this series and Nicole Kidman is at her best in her role yet still so easy on the eyes personally. I hear it's been green lighted for a season 2 which is fantastic news. Damn this series and Seal Team on paramount + is a must see. From the first episode to now the seventh episode it has been a rush of excitement and anticipation for the next episode to come out. If you're reading this review I would recommend to you highly that you watch this series.","rating":"10\/10","date":"27 August 2023"}
{"title":"Ludicrous fun","review":"Slick, expensive, and well acted. This fast moving drama is never boring, and we'll continue to watch it......however, the plot is so ludicrous that you REALLY have to suspend your disbelief!From the first episode, the lack if knowledge about the christian tattoo on the previous operative, getting the new girl drunk the night before her first mission, and only giving her a few minutes to prepare before heading out into a strict muslim culture where the smell of alcohol will stand out like a sore thumb! Having her beaten to a pulp AFTER she's made contact with the target - so she then has to explain what happened - and isn't this \"is it a real kidnapping, oh no, it's just a test\" cliche so obvious now. Not preparing her cover story - why doesn't she know what she's meant to be studying at university, and have to decide whilst driving herself to a meeting with her target?! Not preparing a cover story for the lash marks on her back when they know she'll be at a pool party! Hiring a yacht to surveil the target, and parking it 200m offshore when there are no other boats anywhere around!The whole thing is absolutely ridiculous, but the cast are great, and it is a bit of fun, so why not!","rating":"7\/10","date":"28 August 2023"}
{"title":"Expensive looking series, but have to ignore realities and you most likely have seen this before","review":"So suspending any knowledge of reality is quite important. The series starts with an attack on a US base in Syria, and the capture of an American female spy by the usual bad guys.So to be able to enjoy the action series, lets forget that most of the world know that the US are occupying parts of Syria, have been supplying the before mentioned bad guys with weapons and other items for the last 12 years, and that the before mentioned bad guys are ISIS and Al Nusra (Al Qaeda). But hey, all good as long as the bad guys are fighting the Syrian government forces and the Russians, and as long as the US can steal Syrias oil.So, the before mentioned is forgotten, and the action drama\/thriller seem to run in the same tracks as many other US made war action dramas. Nothing in the first episode that you have not seen before.There are a lot of well known good actors, and the first episode looks like it have expensive sets and locations. Action sequences are quite good.","rating":"5\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"Expensive cast, roles, storyline everything","review":"I too don't get the low reviews and the reasons behind them. This was one of the best shows I've watched in a while and I personally really enjoyed it.As a few have already mentioned, the casting is absolutely fantastic, their acting skills and the ability to transmit their \"situation\" t us.I also liked the storyline between the two women and we all know storylines like these are not that appreciated. I love how it doesn't evolve around only 1 character's situation but spreads around and keeps us interested.I'm really hoping for this show to have a second season and maybe more. Although next season, much more interesting cast may join in and this all might take a turn.","rating":"9\/10","date":"2 September 2023"}
{"title":"Don't Miss this gripping series","review":"I loved this series, yes a bit slow to start but it builds up to a gripping final,the acting by a superb cast is first rate,especially Layla da Oliveira,Zoe Saldana, and miss kidman,first rate you can't fault all the performances are great and the story,how anybody can give this excellent series bad reviews,surprises me,ive been gripped for weeks and i can't wait for the next series.it will be interesting to fi d out how the writers are going to continue with all these characters I hope Cruz hasn't given up on Aaliyah obviously they both love each other,let's hope Cruz goes back to her unit and love blossoms again between Cruz and Aaliyah again.","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 September 2023"}
{"title":"Fantastic!!!","review":"Wow, just binged entire season and absolutely loved every second. Draws attention to the deep state money that exchanges hands between nations regardless of their affiliation, whilst nations seemingly attempt to stamp out terrorism. Zoe Saldana is one of my favourite actresses and does not disappoint in this latest body of work, everything I watch with her I throughly enjoy. It's great to know her and Nicole had a hand in producing this show too. Absolutely brilliant action with an engaging storyline, you felt as if you was watching genuine history take place and not some far fetched drama. From the undercover operations that take place at home combined with their cover ups, to the arrangements made between state police and special ops, to the overseas operations that take place. Absolutely loved this show and so hope there's a season two.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"There's something for everyone","review":"The likeness all boils down to the kind of thing or reasoning the series is trying to portray, in the right sense it's actionable to keep anyone in the military genre entertained for as long the the series runs, to the layman is just too much, too much too handle i couldn't get to know what the hell was going on until I realize the lesbian scene that got me interested in it so bad, I was like ohh that's what this was all about until somebody died from an assault attack to reveal the dark turn of events that the lioness are actually a group of terrorist kill squad put together for infiltration and execution on foreign soil or something relating to that kind of idea, I don't know if it's zoe solana or whatever her name is she's like the whole reason i am even watching this series but whatever the case she was entertaining just too much to process in real time.","rating":"7\/10","date":"5 January 2024"}
{"title":"Loving the writer","review":"I Absolutely love this new show. Of course it's the same writer as Yellowstone so it's a no fail. I love each and every character in the show. They all have their own strengths and weaknesses. I love the combination of them working together. The only thing I don't like is how Nicole Kidman looks. I met her in real life and she is a beautiful woman. However, on the show they make her look like a man, just weird looking and very stiff, robotic. Did she get plastic surgery? Why do aging stars feel the need to make themselves look younger because all they do is make themselves look fake and weird.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 September 2023"}
{"title":"A Promising Premise Unexplored","review":"Special Ops: Lioness is a 2023 thriller series created by Taylor Sheridan, the man behind tv shows like Tulsa King and Mayor of Kingstown. It follows a team of female CIA operatives, known as the Lionesses, as they undertake covert missions around the world.The show has a promising premise, mostly talents cast and the first few episodes are engaging and well-paced. However, the show begins to lose its momentum around the middle of the season. Episode 7, in particular, feels completely unnecessary. It is a filler episode that does not advance the plot in any meaningful way.The eighth and final episode of the season is also disappointing. It is a rushed and anticlimactic conclusion to a story that deserved better.One of the biggest problems with Special Ops: Lioness is the performance of Laysla De Oliveira as Cruz. Oliveira is a newcomer to acting, and it shows. She is simply not up to the task of playing a complex and demanding role like Cruz.Despite its flaws, Special Ops: Lioness is not a terrible show. It is well-produced and features some exciting action sequences. However, the show's potential is never fully realized.Rating: 7- out of 10.","rating":"7\/10","date":"23 September 2023"}
{"title":"Top notch Action \/ Storyline","review":"The writing and acting in this series is top notch. Each episode plays like a mini-movie. The dialogue is great and the characters the actors portray are incredibly believable. I especially love LaMonica Garrett. I have liked him ever since his roll as Mike Ritter from Designated Survivor. His rolls aren't ever as large as I wish they were, but his acting presence is always intense and he stands out. I truly hope this series doesn't go the way of Yellowstone, with all the nonsense and behind the scenes drama. For instance, I'd love it for all involved to come back for future seasons after this stupid strike is over.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 September 2023"}
{"title":"Strong cast, poor story !","review":"As an Arab watching this tv show, most of the events, facts, stories about the arab characters and countries are irrelevant and incorrect. It's just an exhausted stereotype about arab and muslims. The language and accent used were not relevant to the countries Saudi Arabia or Kuwait. Stories like women don't have freedom or forced to covered their faces and heads are silly. It was supposed to be a way better tv show overall but the writers choose to present a weak story with irrelative dialogues and personnel. Mixing the personal life of the characters, forces ops, politics, and economy didn't give a strong link.","rating":"6\/10","date":"8 December 2023"}
{"title":"This is an appalling series","review":"Lioness is simply an abomination - an utterly unwatchable television series. It's as though they wrote the script while they were filming, and the cast spent no time at all preparing for their parts. It's the single worst role Nicole Kidman has ever performed in my view. I don't know how such a production can possibly be bankrolled. It's cringeworthy, cliched and uninformed.The plot is without depth, the narrative is empty and meandering, and the casting is cliched and unconvincing. I can't find a single redeeming feature to warrant the one star I have given it here, but this platform won't let me give it zero.I'd pay good money if it meant being spared watching this show. It's a train crash.","rating":"1\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Awesome show!","review":"Definitely one of the better shows this season. Highly engrossing that really sucks you in. The characters are highly intense and the show makes you care about them, especially their personal lives and inner demons. My friend is ex-military and he says that the way the team operates is very authentic. Initially I thought that the 2 main women characters won't be believable as military special ops but i was definitely wrong. The last episode was very thrilling and really had me focused on the show. I am really hoping for a season 2. FYI - the required number of characters for this review is way too much.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 September 2023"}
{"title":"It's Fiction","review":"I'm amused by all these people reviewing this show and saying it's terrible because it doesn't depict an accurate view of a Special Operations force. Of course it doesn't. It's a fictional story people. If you want accuracy watch documentaries. I binge watched all 8 episodes and was looking for more by the end. For sure it's got some plot holes and maybe a little far fetched at times but if it wasn't it would not be as interesting. A lot of this story was about the politics of the CIA, how family relationships are affected by the roles they're in, and not really about the action. To get hung up on how many pull-ups or pushups someone can do totally misses the point of the show. A great show with a good story and hopefully followed up with a second season.","rating":"8\/10","date":"8 September 2023"}
{"title":"Only those who hate this country thinks this is bad","review":"I saw a review that said this series glories the military as an organization that wants to protect the American people. And, what do you think they are willing to die for - morons. Every member of every branch joins for a different reason. But, they all put their lives on the libe to protect their fellow soldiers and you. The morons who try to bad mouth that - well, they are morons that are not worth listening to.I am told this review is too short. So, I will say again, the negative reviewers are American hating morons that should be singled out and canceled liked they are trying to do to TV\/Cinema they don't politically agree with.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Better than most","review":"Whilst nobody could doubt the acting in this, it all comes down to good writing. The story is hardly original, but the context is different. Saldana is, as usual, brilliant and is thoroughly believable in her role. I'm not quite sure what Kidman has done to her face, but it is her role that I question. If there is some sub plot going on, then it defies definition and this is having watched the penultimate episode. Freeman is always a crowd-puller, but again, his appearance is very late on and not entirely convincing. As a whole, the team is very well put together and the story does engage the audience. The side issues and fringe characters add flavour, the locations are great, the filming solid. Whether this manages to pull a second season to anything like the hype remains to be seen, as for the end of series one - I hope it ends with the audience wanting more!","rating":"8\/10","date":"28 August 2023"}
{"title":"What are they trying to sell me?","review":"All movies, series of Taylor Sheridan are awesome.But in Lioness some of the characters are amazing artful lie and deception of the viewer. The viewer sees a thin, short colored woman, but according to the creators of the film, she is just a Jedi, a ninja and James Bond in one Joe.It's overwhelming. I can take it in fantasy or science fiction movies. By the way, Zoe Saldana plays Gomorra in Guardians of the Galaxy and she looks harmonious and natural there.In the same series, her character was endowed with incredible abilities, and they are trying to sell it to me. This is some kind of mockery of reality, of common sense.Regarding Nicole Kidman in the role of Kaitlyn Meade, a kind of CIA deputy. It's a sad sight. Nicole has aged too much. Plastic surgery doesn't make her look good.. Tight cheeks, drooping ears, all this cannot but raise questions, but how did this aunt get into the CIA? When she is shown in full height, it feels like she can barely walk. And it's also Taylor Sheridan trying to sell me that they say there are such people in the CIA.I can't believe these absurd characters, but I have to watch because everything else is done superbly. Taylor Sheridan is one of the best action filmmakers.","rating":"7\/10","date":"18 December 2023"}
{"title":"Superb mix of military action and intelligent writing","review":"It takes a lot for me to write a review because the character limit, but this series was worth it. Loved the insight into the complexity military missions. The characters were all interesting and the action was so well done. They had an all star cast and everyone did an excellent job. I could have done without the drama with the daughter, but I guess they had to show how difficult it is to have a family and do the job at the same time. I also enjoyed the several monologues within the series that reveal how messed up our government and the corporations that control it really are. I can't understand any scores less than a 7. Those people really must be looking for something that doesn't hurt their brain too much.","rating":"9\/10","date":"5 September 2023"}
{"title":"Could have been great, but a lazy setup ruins the realism","review":"This is actually a pretty good show overall, but they really started it off on such a lazy setup that it really ruins the realism for the whole rest of the season...By \"setup\" I'm talking about how Cruz sets up the friendship with the target\/Aaliyah. It was literally as simple as bumping into her in a store and boom, Aaliyah's like \"hey be my friend and come join us for so-and-so\"..I mean getting in with the target should have been half the battle, and yet they just accomplish it in 2 minutes. It was just so unrealistic and lazy, and just ruins your suspension of belief for the whole rest of the operation and the supposed friendship she's developing.Was really unfortunate, since if they put a little more effort and challenge into Cruz approaching, nurturing and developing a fake friendship with Aaliyah would have been much more interesting and believable especially for the rest of the series as it follows..","rating":"7\/10","date":"14 September 2023"}
{"title":"fast-paced and action-packed","review":"Lioness is a new action thriller series that follows a team of female CIA operatives who are tasked with infiltrating terrorist networks. The series is created by Taylor Sheridan, who is known for his work on other popular shows like Yellowstone and 1883.The series stars Zoe Salda\u221a\u00b1a as Joe, the head of the Lioness program. She is a tough and experienced CIA agent who is determined to protect her country. Laysla De Oliveira co-stars as Cruz, a young woman who is recruited into the Lioness program after she proves herself to be a skilled fighter.Lioness is a fast-paced and action-packed series that is sure to keep you entertained. The characters are well-developed and the plot is engaging. The series also has a strong female cast, which is refreshing to see in a genre that is often dominated by men.If you are a fan of action thrillers or military dramas, then you will definitely want to check out Lioness. It is a well-made series that is sure to leave you wanting more.","rating":"8\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Not Taylor Sheridan's best work","review":"The premise is good, (although it has completely implausible elements), most of the actors are good. The one glaring exception is the casting of the Cruz character. She is so awful and they spend so much time with her character, it really ruins the series for me. Also, it's completely implausible that two women would meet while shopping, proceed to become best friends and then immediately become lovers. Sorry, but life just isn't like this and Cruz is so completely unlikeable anyway, it is particularly implausible with this actor in this role. The rest of the cast manages to carry the series, despite its most glaring flaw (Cruz). The rest of the cast are all very good actors. The actress who played Cruz simply is .....not.","rating":"7\/10","date":"11 September 2023"}
{"title":"Same old, only worse","review":"Why you should watch it:It exists and you've got nothing else going on.Why you should skip it:Nicole Kidman has more Botox pumped in her face than the entire government funding pumped in the market for COVID relief.Zoe Saldana appears to have a twin, each born with a single facial expression. One is a cold, calculating, conniving CIA operative, the other is a loving, supporting and sexy wife and mother. There's no transition or overlap between the two, it's binary and hence absurd.There's the female lead who, according to the script, is supposed to be tough but instead always appears on the verge of a psychotic breakdown. She's either breaking down in tears or breaking bones.There's the usual trope of spoiled and bratty American teenager whose only reason to exist is to create some tension is the personal lives of the main characters by making senseless and idiotic choices. I mean, COME ON, this angle has gotten old 10 years ago, just stop beating the dead horse already.Apparently, the powers to be are more concerned with using the fossil oil industry to make money than to prevent acts of terrorism. And in another news, the sky is blue.","rating":"1\/10","date":"26 September 2023"}
{"title":"People are surprised this isn't a documentary?","review":"Special Ops: Lioness is not a perfect show but it definitly kept my attention over all 8 episodes. A lot of shows fail to do that these days. One of the reason why it works for me is that everyone only does whats in their best interest - that is actually quite realistic and erases the idea of clear good guys or clear bad guys.Does that mean its a realistic show about the military? Of course not why would anyone expect that? A second season would be well deserved and I am really glad that we did not have to deal with a brutal cliffhanger (i was worried about that at some point). Basically I advice anyone to go in relativly blind and watch at least 2 episodes.","rating":"8\/10","date":"3 September 2023"}
{"title":"Strong Female Actresses","review":"Strong female actress roles... Of course every series and film is criticized for minor details and male chauvinism is going to have an input. Overall, great series with a very involved female lead and after getting the backstory, keeps you involved in the story. If you're not looking for an action based female war hero film or series then this is not for you. I watched the entire series in two evenings after work. I can't say that I was disappointed with the cinematography, plot, or climax to the series. I throughly appreciated the storyline and the special ops vs political scenes that were entwined into the storyline. Kudos to MTV films, Paramount+ and the leading actresses in this series.","rating":"10\/10","date":"28 December 2023"}
{"title":"The Human Condition","review":"Taylor Sheridan never disappoints, his volume of great scripts\/tv series,reflects the world as it is, emotional, unremittingly harsh, portraying the best of times and the worst of humanity.No one is absent from his scenarios, from the corridors of power, to those affected by the decision making process.Family is always a factor whatever creed,and the moral compass spins\nas always.I hope there will be a renewed season of this series, it has value and a great portrayal of the World as it is.The main female character, assassin marine whatever totally badass actress, the rest of the characters, well known personalities just window dressing playing their parts to perfection as expected.","rating":"9\/10","date":"7 September 2023"}
{"title":"Not bad but definitely stretched...","review":"The first season feels like a few episodes compared to Sheridan's other shows. Good acting and story is pretty good - 8\/10. Morgan Freeman isn't in the show that much, as I did expect to see more Morgan Freeman with how he's at the center of the poster. But I guess that was a paramount decision to bring in more subscribers to their online streaming service. As for the slow nature of the whole season, brings it down to a 7. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy slow burns that build a lot up but that doesn't happen here. Maybe the next season will pick up the pace. Taylor does a great job at writing but shouldn't rush stuff out to help build the corporate brand.","rating":"7\/10","date":"18 September 2023"}
{"title":"Jack Ryan for grown ups","review":"Having just watched the final season of Jack Ryan, Lioness is a clear step up in class in all aspects. Rather than Jack Ryan's endless US flag-waving jingoism, Lioness shows that the world of special ops is usually the darker side of grey.The main negative though is the casting of Nicole Kidman. As someone who loved her for filming BMX Bandits in my neighbourhood and knocked one out to her in Dead Calm, I literally had to cover my eyes every time I saw her in this, her plastic surgery is on an Axl Rose level of butchery. All I can say is that even with this to cope with, this show is still excellent.","rating":"8\/10","date":"6 October 2023"}
{"title":"An outside opinion","review":"This is not my go-to genre, so I can only give an outside opinion. Ultimately, it was an interesting show but did not provide enough entertainment to ever rewatch. I like shows that are rewatchable. It likely failed to meet my \"rewatch\" criteria because it lacked a mastermind that you would typically anticipate. The components were there during character development, but an outstanding badass was never fully developed. Instead of telling the story of an individual, or even a special ops team, its main goal was to divulge information regarding US policy, bureaucracies and agencies. The writer's sharing of research was their primary objective in this series which made the story and characters suffer when coming in second place.","rating":"6\/10","date":"24 March 2024"}
{"title":"Not your ordinary spy action series.","review":"If you like the genre, you will love this one because it as much about the adrenaline and the intrigue as it is about the real life issues that everyday people go through. It was refreshing to see things one can relate to in the middle of it all.Lastly, I was also pleased by the unexpected twists in the plot, and how one cannot predict how certain situations will unfold; on the contrary, as I would find myself hoping for the stereotypical when it would really defeat the purpose.I really hope they make Season 2. All the characters where top notch, and I would love\nto see how they would evolve the story.","rating":"8\/10","date":"25 September 2023"}
{"title":"Too Big to be Mad about","review":"Joe (Zoe Saldana) is a field operative for the Lioness program which is basically part of the CIA that does assassinations. She must quick life-and-death decisions in the field, including having to take out her own agent for the greater good. Cruz (Laysla De Oliveira) is involved in a gang. She escapes her life to join the Marines. Her skills place her into special ops where she is recruited by Joe, who works for Nicole Kidman. We never get to learn her breaking point, something I expected that would play later on in feature, but did not. Bad script writing. Her job is to get close to Aaliyah (Stephanie Nur) whose father is a rich oil man who funds terrorists. There are those in Washington who want him alive because of his oil dealings. Once implanted, Cruz can not be called back.The film was more of a drama than a spy thriller. We deal with a lot of characters who hate their life.Guide: F-word. Brief nudity. Brief sex.","rating":"7\/10","date":"7 October 2023"}
{"title":"Out of touch","review":"Trying to hard to be something that is not. They have reversed the roles but is not working at all. Is just a big flop. This is just to appease the feminist crowd , not one bit close to reality. Even 2 is to high. Watching anymore episodes will waste of time, it just make no sense at all at all. It seems that hollywood is pushing harder than it should to promot something that everyone knows is not true as much as they want us to believe that it is. We all know our limits so is no need to try and make us believe that we dont. Special ops Lioness just falls flat on so many directions. For me is a big NO.","rating":"2\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"Definitely not disappointed","review":"I thought it would be some stupid Us at war show but it actually intrigued me how it was more of an infiltration and didn't JUST stick to the war part it has some other story lines. The ending did go by so quickly though I thought the fathers death would've been done differently but no complaints it fit because her cover was already blown.I like how lyslas character never gives up no matter how many times she's beat and i did shed a few tears when it came to her and aaliyah i do hope if another season wear to come out they can figure out how to explore that now that both people that kind of held her back are gone.I enjoyed zoes character line it shows something relatable to anyone who's family is going through a tough time and trying to get through it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 October 2023"}
{"title":"Gut punch - Superbly acted, twisty and thrilling","review":"Say what you like about all other Sheridan TV properties - I'm not a Yellowstone fan though \"1923\" sure was worth watching - this one hits hard and delivers in ways that really makes you take notice of just how silly \"Jack Ryan\" is as a blatant, soulless exercise in patriotic narcissism.What I mean is simply this... the characters are complicated. At times they are likable if not lovable, and simultaneously they are downright monstrous as the true and unwavering belief in what they're doing drives them, and sometimes breaks them.The writing pulled me into the fiction and the characters made me believe it was all too real. This show on the surface is with-out-a-doubt entertaining, but there is also depth that only shows like \"Fauda\" have, and that makes it well worth the watch.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 September 2023"}
{"title":"Gem of a series","review":"Finished this series a few days ago and haven't been able to stop thinking about it I really enjoyed the whole series and was gutted when it had finished I would have loved to have seen more episodes and I'm hoping we get further series too. I loved the character development in this the fact it had strong female characters at the heart of it I thought Stephanie Nur was mesmerising on screen and was surprised to of not seen her before I thought she played Aaliyah superbly and i hope to see her in future projects I loved everything about this series the action and drama\nAs well as the emotional rollercoaster it took us on and I would highly recommend to others.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 September 2023"}
{"title":"[6.6] The \"not-cut-for\" asset","review":"A suspenseful series diluted with unnecessary family drama, big chunks of which undermine the show. From what I saw, 8 episodes were not enough and it needed at least 12 episodes to explore the afterwards in this season.MF\"Edwin Mullins\" and NK\"Kaitlyn Meade\" presence in the series was dull, unneeded and of little impact, especially the way they acted and looked, the former with very bad and unprofessional behavior in the last episode, to say the least and the latter so heavily Botox-plastic surgery ridden that she could barely \"move\".If there is a second season, it needs a complete revamp with more field-action, vengeance and way less family drama.Screenplay\/storyline\/plots: 6Development: 7.5Realism: 6.5Entertainment: 7Acting: 7Filming\/photography\/cinematography: 8VFX: 8Music\/score\/sound: 7Depth: 6.5Logic: 4Flow: 6.5Action\/drama\/thriller: 6Ending: 5.5.","rating":"7\/10","date":"2 January 2024"}
{"title":"A Must Watch!","review":"The show is top notch and its packed with plot points and plot twists. From episode one we are thrown straight into mystery and drama. It carries this very tense atmosphere from episode to episode. Some really big stories that are very enjoyable. From the parents dealing with parenthood dealing racial school issues, under age sex all the way to a deeply married couple working on opposing sides of the battle board whilst maintain their \"loving marriage\". Joe's relationship battle with her daughter is a stand out storyline which is well paced and told. This show masterfully blends heart-pounding action, compelling characters, and a gripping storyline. The performances by the cast are outstanding, bringing depth and authenticity to their roles. The production quality is outstanding, immersing viewers in the world of covert operations. What truly sets this show apart is its dedication to showcasing the bravery and resilience of women in the military, shedding light on their remarkable contributions. It explores the spirited dilemma between love and the mission. An intense finale which does well to bring all the jumbled pieces together whilst leaving room for more, it more than delivers.","rating":"8\/10","date":"8 October 2023"}
{"title":"Outstanding","review":"Initialy wasn't expecting much from this, but it soon opened up to an outstanding series with brilliant acting & story, very realistic & believable. I did find it \"Heavy going\", early on, or \"hard hitting\" you might say, in all areas of the story, not just the military aspects, but it soon became quite compulsive viewing, which is the sign of any great production, you want to be really drawn in by the story, the characters & i certainly was in this. It is really quite refreshing that something of this standard is being made, it really is top notch in all aspects, with both female leads being really outstanding, but every outstanding series or movie has quality throughout & that is the case here with regard to all the acting, you realy \"Felt\" for the female characters, it was ALL \"very REAL\", which i imagine is not easy to do, nor is it common certainly in recnt years, where most movies etc, are so weak, uninteresting.I also love and seem quite drawn to anything which has strong female characters, And there is an abundance of them in this series.Really fabulous and quite addictive after first episode.Would be terrific if it continued with the same impact\/standard, but as it stands with this one series, it is with NO doubt, this is within a smal group of thee best series made in recent times & will certainly captivate you and hold your attention, which any great series will do.Many times i see ratings of 10 for really weak movies, which are completely false ratings, in this case anything less than an 8 is false, it is that good, could easily be a 9.I notice this was created by Talor Sheridan whose name i recall from the equaly outstanding 1883 western drama, & the very watchable \"yelowstone\", what a talent to create such oustanding dramas of completely different subjects.","rating":"8\/10","date":"23 September 2023"}
{"title":"Good but very predictable","review":"This is a solid action show from Taylor Sheridan. If you watched any of his other shows, like Yellowstone, Mayor of Kingstown, 1923, etc. - you know what to expect. From the intro to the outro, it's basically the same thing, but with female operatives in the War on Terror.The good is - almost everything. The cast is absolutely spectacular, even secondary characters are played by masterful actors you definitely saw in other worthy productions. The cinematography is superb and the characters are well written.The bad is - it's SO predictable. From the first time they meet I kept saying to myself \"please don't hook them up, it would be SO stereotypical\". I kept on hoping that Sheridan would suprise me and develop a true friendship bond and not dillute it with a sex scene and romantic scenes.. And this just spreads throughout the series. Higher ups act like angry buffoons, even Morgan Freeman in a cameo (not a role), the tough sniper chick is a tough sniper chick, etc.Too many stereotypes and easy pickings from a story that could have felt fresh but as is... a compelling 7\/10.","rating":"7\/10","date":"1 October 2023"}
{"title":"World Within The World","review":"First and foremost, this series is definitely on par with Game of Thrones & The Walking Dead. Originally, those sleeper series were series that grabbed the attention of the viewers as each episode built anticipation, and each season built excitement & viewer commitments; which is why Special Ops: Lioness will go the distance. Special Ops: Lioness has many twists and turns. Taylor Sheridan did a fantastic delivery of the story, and his selection of undeniably talented cast is off the charts. There's innuendo in nearly every episode. Dare I say, multifaceted entendres throughout the series. This series is layered with stories within the story to borrow from the series: there's a world within the world.Second, I came to this series for Zoe Salda\u221a\u00b1a's amazing work & to support her. I was introduced to two amazing up & coming actors: Stephanie Nur & Laysla De Oliveira. Whatever you do, don't take your eyes off of those actors they are a force of nature. Those two absolutely stole \"the show, the money & the getaway car.\" Their character arcs left a cliff so steep that a second season would only partly due this series justice. It will be curious to see how Taylor Sheridan evolves & intertwines these characters in future seasons, and what character development & changes are coming.Zoe absolutely did not disappoint. Her character begs for more backstory and more risk. All these actors Nicole Kidman, Morgan Freeman, Michael Kelly, Jill Wagner, Dave Annable and the entire cast are deserving of character expansions & complexities, which will only enhance this series ability to gain traction with fans in the future.Here's the deal. I had re-watch this series several times, because I missed subtleties. If you don't walk away from this series with \"Wait, what?\", then you have missed out on an incredible experience.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 September 2023"}
{"title":"Excellent show!","review":"This show is very well written and portrayed. It shows the complexities of every level on special operations and how it effects each individual. The cast is wonderful Zoe Saldana and Nicole Kidman are excellent and so are the other two ladies Laysla and Stefanie nur. Yes it has a strong female cast but a great combination of males too.I can't wait for the next episode to come out every time it's very intriguing. I watch a lot of movies about terrorism and the Middle East and this one has the right balance and keeps you interested the whole time. So give it a shot you will\nProbably like it !!","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 September 2023"}
{"title":"What a heart touching, worth seeing action thriller!","review":"\"Special Ops: Lioness\" is an intense espionage thriller that delivers heart-pounding action and suspense. With a captivating lead and gripping storyline, it's a must-watch for fans of the genre.It connects with personal life and professional life.Love, hate, unwilling to do but has to do things... these elements make this series more realistic. I see one episode then wait for another one. Acting is great!Specially Zoe Saldana & Laysla De Oliveira's acting.. marvelous! Story.. what a nice story. Sometimes you have to sacrifice your personal life for work. Lokking forward for this thrilling adventurous journey.Highly recommended! 9 out of 10 or I can say 10 out of 10.","rating":"9\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Just watch the full season","review":"From a plain thriller, with cliches of tens of simular movie plots to a gripping heartfelt drama of three woman and their stories in pain.An acting masterclass of Stephanie Nur, Laysla De Oliveira and Zoe Saldano with the other talented and classy cast made me feel connected. And that is special for me as a fellow actor, Normally I\u00ac\u00a5m watching a film or series with a \"what could be better filmed, or arranged, or better screenplay or better editing...\".So that\u00ac\u00a5s what I\u00ac\u00a5ve started the first two or three episodes and then it evolved into my emotional engagement. From Dave Annable to fraking awsome Nicole Kidman to. The always pulling heartstrings LaMonica Garrett, the cast is awsome.So, what is it?Yes a dramathriller with heart.","rating":"8\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Engaging with One Major Flaw","review":"Despite being too dimly lit (I'm assuming this was done to enhance the dark tone of the show), it's a watchable action \/ drama. Decent performances with an added bonus a few A-list actors.The only gripe I have with the show overall is the believability of the lead actress as a super tough girl beating up burly men twice her size. She's way to slender and skinny for some of the hand-to-hand combat to seem realistic. There is zero chance a 90lbs human is knocking out a 220lbs human.If a more convincing female protagonist was the lead, the show would have higher marks. Nonetheless, that's Hollywood. I'll continue to watch.","rating":"7\/10","date":"10 September 2023"}
{"title":"Well worth watching","review":"This keeps you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end. Twists and turns keep you wondering how the OPS is going to get to their target and then get away. There are several side activities that could shut down all the operations, but the Lioness team make it through. And how could you have a covert operation without politicians get in to muddy up everything? It does raise interesting questions about how the \"free world\" deals with issues outside their borders. Does killing one terrorist end the problem? Delay the problem. Or just create reasons for more to become terrorists? What ripple effect does it have on the world? And who become collateral damage?The show is filled with great actors who bring their characters to life. You believe they are who they portray.They only downside is Paramount Plus. You pay for the service and then you have to sit through commercials. It should be one or the other. Pay, no commercials or free and watch commercials!","rating":"9\/10","date":"11 November 2023"}
{"title":"Quest for Realism, Acting Weaknesses, and Genre Confusion","review":"Special Ops Lioness has some fundamental issues in its overall structure. First and foremost, while the series attempts to embrace a realistic theme, it falls short in delivering sufficient war and action scenes. This deficiency leads to a diminished sense of excitement. Additionally, the series unnecessarily foregrounds sexuality, which adversely affects the flow and depth of the story.When it comes to acting performances, most of the cast members do not meet the expected level of proficiency. In particular, an actress of Nicole Kidman's caliber should have been more prominent. Giving Kidman's character more depth and screen time could significantly enhance the overall quality of the series.The series oscillates between drama and espionage genres, making it challenging for the audience to discern its exact category. More fluid and understandable transitions between these genres could offer a more satisfying experience for the viewers. Overall, while Special Ops Lioness has potential, realizing this potential requires improvements in both script and acting.","rating":"6\/10","date":"29 January 2024"}
{"title":"Exciting action thriller & great women actresses ,Sooo powerful !!!n movie. Soo great to see more women in action ,spy movies \uf8ff\u00fc\u00e7\u00f8\uf8ff\u00fc\u00e9\u2022!!!!!!!","review":"Exciting & unpredictable spy action movie . SOOO great to see the women ACTRESSES that's in this mysterious action thriller movie that's really intriguing!!!!!! It's past time that action thriller spy movies \uf8ff\u00fc\u00e7\u00f8\uf8ff\u00fc\u00e9\u2022 don't look & sound just alike & have different leading roles that's engaging to watch - follow, like this one !!!! I couldn't hardly wait to see this action spy movie after seeing the cast & trailer - expecting , new exciting surprises & twist & turns ,in this plot that separates it from the same old type of spy thriller movies !!! When will there be more action thriller spy movies \uf8ff\u00fc\u00e7\u00f8 that's fresh & memorable and looks like a cast of people who will blow our minds with their creative interpretation of the plot & characters , much like this one!!??","rating":"9\/10","date":"30 October 2023"}
{"title":"Wardrobe people!!","review":"Why does Kaitlyn' character have to be made to wear such dowdy ill-fitting clothes? No man in that role would ever! Make up is also unflattering , is that how woman of power are previewed. ALSO, what male FBI, CIA etc agent isn't swooned over in at least once? NEW Costume and make up artists for Kaitlyn. I love the other characters.....Y & R guy even ( you have to watch to find out.....shoot or was it DOOL.....they keep switching but, great to see some of my favorite actors move on. Did you know that the first time I saw Morgan Freeman was on.... Another world? As was our late great Ray Liotta.","rating":"7\/10","date":"3 January 2024"}
{"title":"Absolutely Entertaining! But wait...","review":"Every episode started off strong and ended with a cliffhanger but the middle moved pretty slowly. Zoe Saldana was focused, The main marine character was awesome too, but they could have blended her in with the target's culture a little better. She stuck out like a sore thumb. And for the target's family to be so powerful their security let a lot slip by. Both the American Culture and Islamic culture was portrayed well. Scenarios are relatable, which keeps viewers watching. I just don't understand how the target was in the kitchen alone, unarmed and unaware of the stranger in his home??? US wants him dead or not??? And was the target really killed? Or was this the beginning of a war for season 2 or will season 2 be a whole other story? Or will there be a season 2? I hope so, but with more action... and more from Morgan Freeman... and more conflict.... The mission was accomplished too easily.","rating":"8\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Exceeding my expectations","review":"Right from the first episode, I was engaged... and that says a lot. Currently on the third episode and already I want to know more about these characters. Having watched other Taylor Sheridan shows, I wasn't really sure what to expect from this since it involves zero cowboys, but it reminds me of watching shows like Homeland back in the day. Really excited to see what it has to offer. The build up is really good, so is the pacing. Some parts felt a little bit cliche since all shows on this topic matter have similar language, but what it lacked there, it made up in the brilliant performances from Laysla De Oliveira, who plays Cruz, and Zoe Saldana who plays joe opposite her. The supporting cast is also very commendable.","rating":"9\/10","date":"8 September 2023"}
{"title":"One of the most pungent plots of the past few years","review":"I was truly impressed with the performances specially from Laysla, Z\u00f6e and Stephanie! Their characters draw a very deep line of their stories and how these women have to deal with loneliness (lioness). And I think Stephanie Nur and Laysla de Oliveira are great promises of the industry and I'm looking forward for a second season with all these women again!Z\u00f6e Salda\u00f1a's character relationship with her daughter is very interesting. However, Cruz and Aaliyah's relationship has driven me extremely emotionally attached to them and they stole the plot in my humble opinion! A must watch of Paramount+","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 October 2023"}
{"title":"Good first season - not perfect but it's tv","review":"I see bad reviews here and don't get it. It's tv, it's not meant to be perfect. It's enjoyable enough to watch 8 episodes and I would watch season 2. Makes me laugh now a days how everyone is so sensitive, but at the same time an expert on everything. My biggest issue is the ending of the season. I thought the final episode was very badly written and directed. The husband finding out felt out of place, the husband being the only one to figure out her identity was lazy and unbelievable. Pretty much anything to do with the husband was not needed. It would have been far better that she kills the bad guy in the kitchen and walks out calmly. The shooting at her was so unbelievable and just plain bad. It really ruined the episode. The insubordination at the end was also unrealistic and dumb. Felt out of place as she was just saved by them. Special ops guys just walking up killing everyone because nobody needs to be covert because, you know it's invincibility cheat code!!!Now onto the good stuff from the season:1) good character build of the family and kids\n2) good action scenes\n3) good build up of the love relationship, didn't feel rushed or forced.4) realistic emotions for the most part\n5) most of the story buildup is written and done well.6) acting and CGI\/effects done well.Now onto the season bad stuff:1) introduction of late characters we don't have time to care about. Why bother with them. Unneeded\n2) who is the main character in this show? Pick one\n3) why would you beat the undercover spy like this, it just doesn't make sense in the middle of a mission.4) Nicole Kidman, ugh.... Please replace her\n5) side missions, writer has adhd? Focus on main story. No side missions. Not needed, it's only 8 episodes.","rating":"8\/10","date":"11 September 2023"}
{"title":"This was very intense","review":"I really, really liked it. There was a looming danger present all the time, the finale was fantastic and I liked that it had repercussions.Killing people is not as easy as movies want you to believe. It is horrible.I would have given one more point if we got valid reasons, why the terrorist ist even doing all the funding.Yeah, there is a woman doing men stuff, they make her a bit too strong, but this is still a movie and I have seen green guys destroy houses with one punch in movies, so what?All in all, it was believable for me, interesting, exciting and I cannot wait to get another season.","rating":"9\/10","date":"8 September 2023"}
{"title":"Someone actually got paid to write this.","review":"With writers currently on strike in Hollywood for fear of being replaced by AI, all I can say is bring it on. It's as if someone fed the script into GPT with the command to write an action series for viewers with the IQ of chimps based around Marine girl bosses that make Rambo look like a wimp. Total badass women that just thrive on pain and meter out abuse to men twice their size and multiples their strength. All the characters speak in Oorah cliches, with the exception of the male marines (subordinate to their female counterparts of course) all men are bullies, abusers - especially if their white or Arabs. Even the lead characters husband (in a gender reversed caring role) cops a spray from his entitled mixed raced daughter for being a \"white man\". I could go on but i've filled the arbitrary word 600 limit.Watch it for the violence and things being blown up but put your brain in neutral.","rating":"2\/10","date":"28 July 2023"}
{"title":"Forget the military haters","review":"The people that are hating this show is military people (majority men). TV is about letting our minds get away from the real world; fantasy and what could be, etc! I also think this hate is men with egos, who can't stand seeing a lead series of women. This is a great story line, with actors\/actress, and action to keep you engaged. This is another hit show by a great writer and executive producer. I'm already excited for another season and hopefully will get a full 7 series.please remember this is not to be 100% real show but they do a good job, or making it feel like it could be real. Enjoy the show.","rating":"10\/10","date":"28 September 2023"}
{"title":"It is all the things!","review":"Its all the things! All the haters make me want to puke or go protest my rights. I love this show!Couldn't stop watching it! It made me laugh and cry and scream at the screen. It was all all the things!I love the dialogue and the action! The main characters make me believe there is hope for females in media.I believe the creators care about the future generations of of females and are mindful of modelling strength and autonomy. I think the actors did a wonderful job and that there is more much more to be seen! Taylor Sheridan is such a pleasant surprise and I celebrate him and his revolutionary television!","rating":"10\/10","date":"19 November 2023"}
{"title":"Why you should watch this show","review":"I personally don't know too much about the military but I found this show very very entertaining and knowledgeable. I think that Taylor Sheridan is an amazing directed\/ creator and did an amazing job with this show. This show has an amazing cast\/ incredible actors. The actors blew me away with their astonishing performances. I believe this show deserves a second season and I will be very devastated if it doesn't get one. If you like lgbtqia+ content this will also be very nice for you to watch. There is sexual relationships, friend relationships, work relationships, and family relationships. Lots of things that leave you on your toes every episode.","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 November 2023"}
{"title":"The Award Goes to Laysla","review":"Acting is tough work, probably the most challenging of the performance arts. I admire actors because they put everything on the line -- their inner selves and outer selves -- to create their work.IMO, Laysla De Oliveira deserves an award for her portrayal of Cruz Manuelos\/Zara Adid. Her depiction captures the rage, courage, resourcefulness, intelligence, vulnerability and physical\/mental\/emotional toil of her character. She put EVERYTHING on the line. And she maintained those qualities consistently and credibly, no matter who directed the episode (there are eight in all). It's as powerful and moving a performance as I've witnessed in a long time. A rarity.Zoe Saldana and Nicole Kidman are the headline stars of this show, but Laysla De Oliveira is the heart and soul of it. It's a gripping, well-written series, but wouldn't have succeeded as well without her heroic contributions.","rating":"9\/10","date":"29 February 2024"}
{"title":"Dialogue is cringe AF","review":"It's over-the-top textbook cheesy action movie dialogue and it's so cringe. When I can predict the next line in the dialogue, it's mediocre at best. I probably said, \"Oh my God\" {insert scoff and eye roll} six times in just the first episode. I had to turn it off.There seems to be potential with some good actors,\nentertaining subject matter, and a paramount budget so maybe there's hope. The dialogue really kills it for me. There's probably 25 other TV shows or movies. I would rather watch than this. If you're desperate for a series and have exhausted all other avenues, feel free to explore this as an option.","rating":"3\/10","date":"25 July 2023"}
{"title":"Good Show But Too Much Unnecessary\/Unskilled Editing","review":"I have really enjoyed it so far.However, I have noticed a couple of editing errors. One of them in Episode 7, when Cruz and her mark (Aaliyah) were going shopping at MINDELS, the luxury store. Upon arrival (06:10 - 06:20), you could clearly see only 1 doorman on the left. After they have departed the vehicle walking to the entrance, all of a sudden an extra figure seems to have popped up on the right hand side. This person looks similar to one of Aaliyah's security guard who opened the vehicle door for them to exit.Furthermore, he seemed to have stayed way behind the two ladies as they were approaching the entrance, for him to make any magic move to be at the door before the young ladies.And I'm sure he does not seem to be working for the store as his clothing is different from the other doorman, unless he ran out of white shirts on the day.","rating":"8\/10","date":"29 August 2023"}
{"title":"Just here for the comments","review":"Let's lay it out, Taylor Sheridan is the go-to guy for that all-American propaganda in contemporary cinema and television. There's no Paramount-Showtime without him. He does it too well. He humanizes multiple perspectives (even opposing) that just pours sympathy from an audience--makes Jerry Bruckheimer look like a monkey just discovered a typewriter.The wind blowing over the last of the American West. A changing of the guard in American crime. The withdrawal of American interests in global terror. The failure of the American war on drugs. All the changes in America recently.No credit to the production value, nor the acting of the star studded cast, not the incredible depth of research... everyone becomes divisive over a seemingly unrealistic portrayal of military operators by women--like an insult to your personal livelihoods. There's so much military in this show, do you think it would've made it past pre-production without DoD approval? They rubber stamped this show. Bet. They ain't mad. But the keyboard warriors being like, NAHHH my military operators should have so much testosterone they started balding at 18 yrs old.If you can't handle change, you still got Top Gun and Black Hawk Down and M. A. S. H.Me, I'm waiting for Ana de Armas as Jane Wick in Ballerina.","rating":"8\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Great series","review":"Joe attempts to balance her personal and professional life as the tip of the CIA's spear in the war on terror; the Lioness Program enlists Cruz to operate undercover alongside Joe among the power brokers of State terrorism. The first season will have a total of 8 episodes, and Paramount has not revealed if there will be a season 2. Here's when you can watch each episode, plus the description from Paramount. Top cast ; Zoe Saldana \u00b7 Joe ; Laysla De Oliveira \u00b7 Cruz Manuelos ; Dave Annable \u00b7 Neal ; Jill Wagner \u00b7 Bobby ; LaMonica Garrett \u00b7 Tucker. Top cast ; Zoe Saldana \u00b7 Joe ; Laysla De Oliveira \u00b7 Cruz Manuelos ; Dave Annable \u00b7 Neal ; Jill Wagner \u00b7 Bobby ; LaMonica Garrett \u00b7 Tucker.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 January 2024"}
{"title":"Not so bad","review":"Seems a little bit far fetched but the characters are well played. Can someone explain wath happened to Nicole Kidman's face ? Did she had cosmetic surgery ?....if she did, the surgeon should be tried for malpractice....furthermore I enjoy the cast of seasonned actors....so far I've seen only the first four episodes and, in my experience, this type of series is credible in the beginning and tends to go\noff the charts as it goes along...writers have the responsability of keeping the viewers hooked and some of them can't deal with the pressure. Anyways, we will see as the story developpes but so far so good....","rating":"8\/10","date":"2 March 2024"}
{"title":"Very Pleasantly Surprised","review":"It's excellent...watch it! Although different in many ways, if you liked Homeland, you should like Lioness. Zaldana is amazing. The story and script are tight and exciting, and the show gets better with each episode until you reach a very satisfying finale. I enjoyed the personal aspects of the show as well such as Cruz's back story early, and the ongoing problem's with Joe's (Zaldana) family, and the balance of her career.A lot of familiar actors, including a good Kidman even though she is losing control of her face, and some new faces like the actresses playing Cruz and Aaliyah. Anyone who does not like this show just does not like spy\/special ops stuff, or has some kind of social issue. Season 2 has just been greenlit, so there will be more.","rating":"9\/10","date":"11 May 2024"}
{"title":"Great premise and excellent actors but..","review":"Saldana, mike from jack ryan.. nicole kidman.. even Morgan Freeman..saw the female navy Seal chief.. and immediately I thought.. oh boy here we go again with GI Jane..then we get some random girl that was in a abusive relationship and after finally leaving it, becomes a marine.. for some reason, she is as strong as any man.. even tho she looks like to be at 5'10 and 150lb..fast forward some years.. zaldana goes to recruit, of course, the chosen one is our girl.. now force recon.. oh boy.At least it seems ok compared to season 4 of jack ryan.. which is actually not a compliment LOL......","rating":"5\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"Just wow...","review":"Stick to criminals and cowboys cause wow... this blows! Waste of time in some fantasy land of female doorkickers and bad acting. I mean there's thousands of former military men and women that would have been happy to help you make some sort of sense of the military. I got excited to see the brrrrrrrrttttt machine in the first scene and it went to hell after. I'm so disappointed after the massive success of the other Sheridan series that he would put his name on this. Guess they can't all be first rounders but wow... smh. Anybody know when the last season of yellowstone or next of mayor of Kingstown comes out so there's something worth watching? Also when did aquamans mom get so ummm stretched in the face?","rating":"1\/10","date":"10 August 2023"}
{"title":"Was Enthusiastic Then Fell Flat","review":"I was quite hyped by the cast and the overall topic that Taylor Sheridan was about to deliver. I'll be very honest, after 30min I simply gave up. This is pure fantasy and I can't believe she is fine presenting an infiltration with so little care for realism. I mean come on, the main character is a bit bad ass but I am sorry it takes years to prepare a person and you don't build a legend in a blink of an eye. I like to be entertained but that level of disregard is a bit shocking. If you like the topic discussed about infiltration I cannot recommend more The Bureau with Mathieu Kassovitz. That's what I call a deep infiltration serie with all the background and realism. I won't invest more of my time there.","rating":"3\/10","date":"31 August 2023"}
{"title":"Unrealistic to the point of stupidity...","review":"This is an action packed show, PLAGUED by unrealistic depictions of everything it covers. You can tell this show is being held up by its no doubt enormous budget, because it sure isn't the writing and universe building. They throw more insider lingo in two episodes than I heard my entire time serving in the military to try and sound legit, but it falls flat. I don't want to put out spoilers for anyone watching, so I am trying to be as descriptive as I can without giving it away. I will definitely say that is show is for \"modern audiences\" and takes every moment it can to promote \"the message\"!","rating":"1\/10","date":"29 November 2023"}
{"title":"Dreadful","review":"I watched the first few episodes of this with my partner and we were simply shocked. Shocked by how bad it is. The concept is nonsensical, although it is supposedly based on 'fact' (but if you do a quick check you will see that it is so exaggerated that 'based on fact' is a huge stretch.The female special ops characters are simply laughable. Put aside the fact that no female has ever been admitted to a special ops unit, here we have a female as the very best of the best special ops. Wanting strong female leads on movies or series is not a licnece for stupidity.The writing is shoddy, the direction very average and the acting awful.","rating":"1\/10","date":"4 October 2023"}
{"title":"Works well as a comedy","review":"This series is so ridiculous that we thought we would view it through a comic prism. And it works. There are laughs every few minutes.Of course, if you view this as a serious action series you will need to ignore all the logical instincts you have.We have had Superwoman and Wonder woman, but here is the greatest of them all - Unbeatable Woman. She is so much better than anyone else, with no man able to challenge her in any physical endeavor.Now, try not to think of the fact that no woman has ever successfully completed even Seal or Special Operation training, let alone being accepted into a unit.But there you are. The TV series business is all about fantasy. Sadly, much of it is ideological fantasy.","rating":"1\/10","date":"10 September 2023"}
{"title":"Bad.","review":"The writing is a disarray of overused tropes, and the attempt at poetic speeches feels insincere. The main character possesses an astonishing physical prowess - one wonders if her time flipping burgers and engaging in domestic disputes served as the secret to her exceptional abilities.You'll notice that the glowing endorsements with perfect 10s and patriotic accolades curiously lack any mention of the show's actual merits.While some might find it an intriguing train wreck to continue watching, for most, this show is best avoided in favour of more credible and worthwhile narratives featuring strong female roles.","rating":"2\/10","date":"26 July 2023"}
{"title":"Embarrassing!","review":"These Women characters could not be any worse. Specially laysla. She has no business being on this show specially in this character. She should not even be an actress. Has no ability, looks or body. She has no middle eastern links, looks or even knows the language. How on earth she became a spy with no knowledge of the language ? Never even had an education supposedly and if she so smart and a bad ass how did she not leave her boyfriend in the beginning? Very bad chosen characters specially her.Bad choice of plot, characters, and directions. Could have been much better. Wasted 2 hours of my life for this crap.","rating":"1\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"An Unconvincing and Disappointing Misfire","review":"Special Ops: Lioness fails to live up to its promise as a thrilling espionage drama. The show revolves around two wonder-women, Joe and Cruz, tackling high-stakes CIA missions. Unfortunately, the unrealistic plot, cringe-worthy dialogue, and wrong casting selections undermine any potential. Action sequences feel forced, lacking authenticity. With a weak narrative and uninteresting characters that almost have superpowers, the show struggles to keep viewers engaged. The casting choices further compound the show's problems. The actors fail to breathe life into their characters, leaving them feeling one-dimensional and unconvincing. Overall, Special Ops: Lioness misses the mark as an espionage thriller, making it a disappointing and boring watch.","rating":"1\/10","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"An unrealistic dose of feminist fantasy","review":"I really wanted to like this but how much of this fantasy feminism is Hollywood going to cram down our throats?Female Navy Seal Team Chief? Female joins the Marines and is as strong as her Male counterparts? Female Operators?A great idea in the delusional mind of the cast of the View, but sorry, reality says not today, not any day. Halfway through the first episode and I'm done.You should have made the cast Trans, then maybe it would be 20% believable, instead of 0%.Why the hate? No hate, just tired of stupid writers with stupid concepts.For a story to be interesting, there has to be Some shred of believability. This one fails miserably.","rating":"3\/10","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"SO disappointed","review":"This series starts off fast and promising. However, it quickly becomes ridiculously unbelievable at every level. The characters, story, and dialogue are laughably absurd. I am sorry I wasted two hours when I could have chosen something else. I assumed that the likes of Morgan Freeman, Nicole Kidman, and Michael Kelly would have chosen a half-way decent script. Now, I feel almost embarrassed for them- though they'll make more in this than most of us will in a lifetime. Don't waste your time. There is no way it's going to improve with such a terrible script and fantastical portrayal of the CIA. Sorry.","rating":"5\/10","date":"27 July 2023"}
{"title":"Struggling to Get Through","review":"For a Taylor Sheridan production this is a supreme letdown. It's all TOO MUCH. Between the ridiculousness of presenting an intelligent mother who speaks to her very young daughters using profanity - not to mention in the span of 5 minutes you will hear F*KING this and F*KING that at least 20 times from EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER. Unnecessary - maybe trying to make up for the totally unbelievable story line? The characters are shallow. Nicole Kidman is bland. You think it's cutting edge? It's just sad. Sorry Taylor - stick to the frontier. I adore Beth Dutton she is believable and awesome - but this, this is just stupid.","rating":"4\/10","date":"30 August 2023"}
{"title":"I wanted to like it more","review":"It fell flat despite a good cast.At times the writing felt forced; unlike most Taylor Sheridan shows (with the exception of the second season of Mayor of Kingstown which paled in comparison to the first season).For a show about defeating terrorism there wasn't enough action. The tough CIA agent feeling torn from her family that needs her wasn't enough to endear me to her character.Finally, no review after watching all episodes of the series would be complete without mentioning the lackluster ending. All of the build up to the decision of what to do and then it's over in seconds and no one seems to feel any sense of accomplishment.","rating":"5\/10","date":"7 September 2023"}
{"title":"Meh, just ok","review":"Decent storyline bogged down with irrelevant and slow paced backstory. I'm not sure why writers\/directors\/producers decide to take action dramas and weigh it down with unlikable children of the main characters. I understand the need for a backstory. It's just the children are written as annoying characters. Every time Joe's daughters appear, get ready for the eye-roll. The story ending also fizzled. It simply stopped. Why waste time for character development when there is no resolution to the characters. It's better than most series on regular broadcast television from ABC\/CBS\/NBC\/Fox, but it could have been much more.","rating":"5\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"I stayed at a Holiday Inn Express last night.","review":"If you remember this commercial series from the early 2010s, and you've seen the first few episodes of this series, then you understand the title. If you haven't, then Google the title. It can't be denied that it's fitting.Cruz: \"I've been at war my whole lifetime.\"\nMarine recruiter: \"Well, you've come to the right place.\"And just like that, apparently without any lingering psychological issues whatsoever, a woman with fresh cuts and bruises from an attack by her boyfriend (in addition to cigarette burn scars on her chest and arms as well as lynching scars on her back), joins the Marines, aces the training program and becomes an asset in a unit loosely based the actual US military program Lioness.From battered to badass in the blink of an eye in the first episode. Sure.I get it, it's fiction, but it's not credible fiction. Maybe this glaring oversight will be addressed in future episodes, but, as the old saying goes, \"You should have led with that.\" It's too late to throw in this backstory and I'm not a fan of whiplash storytelling. The latest rendering of The Stand series forever cured me of that.There are numerous writing issues. For example, in a scene in the third episode, a waiter taking Meade's and Joe's order asks about food allergies. Meade responds with, \"I'm allergic to my ex husband, to everything else I'm immune.\"Do the only two (listed) writers, who are male, actually believe that our exes take up that much headspace that we women just verbally vomit a one-liner diss to a waiter during a lunch meeting?:eyeroll:There are several plot holes as well. I'm not going to go into them. Other reviewers have addressed these. Suffice to say they're pretty much in-your-face and you can't miss them.Nicole Kidman was a poor choice for Meade. I was unable to listen to anything she said because I was too busy trying to figure out why she looks entirely different. Unable to move her face in any significant natural way, her performance was lackluster and flat. I've mentioned in plenty of my reviews that body language (which includes facial expressions) and voice inflections are important. Both are sorely missing. I'll leave it to viewers to form their own opinions as to why.I'm not sold on De Oliveira for the Cruz role at all.Sheridan is clearly overextended with overlapping projects. One entertainment outlet reports seven current and imminent projects are being juggled. So now the question begs: Is this series going to be worth the viewers' investment of time? Or is Sheridan simply throwing spaghetti at the wall to see which noodles stick?Mainstream critics have picked up on the writing and plot holes. The visual appeal and cast cannot make up for this.Some reviewers here aren't happy with the \"home life\" aspects of the series. I personally find it necessary and Seal Team is a fine example of how stateside life is properly and intricately woven into who the characters are.I'm going to watch a couple more episodes and will raise my rating if it proves worthy, though I'm not optimistic.4 stars for cast and visual appeal. 4 stars off for writing, 2 stars off for casting.","rating":"4\/10","date":"4 August 2023"}
{"title":"Gave up after 2 episodes...","review":"I'm not x-military. I'm not for or against politically correct productions. I want to suspend belief for 50 minutes or so and be entertained. A few smiles or eye rolls are allowed as long as the writing and dialogue are decent.2 REALLY cringy scenes which have a major part of the development of the main character.Excellent idea #1... Let's waterboard and beat the sh*$ out of her to see what her breaking point is! AWESOME IDEA, but let's make sure that you remove her panties with the high pressure hose at some point.Excellent idea #2... Let's get her drunk the night before her first (laughibly unqualified) dangerous mission, so she is puking in the toilet. Her 'mark' makes a comment about American girls needing to use lots of makeup when she is heavily made up herself.","rating":"3\/10","date":"2 August 2023"}
{"title":"Disappointing","review":"Very good cast, solid idea, but bad script and hilariously unconvincing action.The cast is not bad, but the roles are wrongly distributed, Zoe Saldana is a solid actress, but she is completely unconvincing in this role.The action scenes are hilarious, these characters are completely unconvincing as action heroes. I watched one episode and gave up.No point wasting time on another series that is the same as most of these new movies. Maybe if they had divided the roles differently, this could have worked, but everything looks hilarious like this.The plot is not so bad, but it is a bit pretentious and a bit far-fetched. There are a lot of unrealistic series that are great, but unfortunately this is not one of them.I know that the writers have to bow to the wishes of the producers and that they have to put certain things in the series and movies if they want them to be financed at all, but it destroys any chance of entertainment and the viewers feel like they are watching some kind of lesson.We watch movies and series to have fun and relax, not to bother us with unnecessary things.Almost all the actors look unconvincing in their roles, I don't know why the writers keep trying to force something that doesn't make any sense, it just causes the opposite effect.Some of the dialogue is hilarious, and the character of a woman named Cruz Manuelos, played by Laysla De Oliveira, is so hilariously unrealistic that it feels like we're actually watching a superhero movie about a woman with superpowers, rather than what should be a somewhat realistic action spy thriller.Maybe I expected too much from this series, and therefore my disappointment is even greater, but I have no more patience for this kind of nonsense.Unfortunately, more of the same and a complete waste of time.","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 September 2023"}
{"title":"Interesting at first, but cannot help itself","review":"Don't be fooled by the hype from the early episodes. This is a preachy series about America Bad. Most of the storyline is actually contradictory to itself after a few episodes.The first episode was heavy handed. A spy was discovered and killed by our forces before she could be killed by the enemy she had infiltrated. She made the mistake of having a Christian tattoo, which compromised her somehow in a Middle Eastern village where they kill people who have such tattoos, I guess.The premise of the series main character is somewhat unbelievable, that a person who submits to a lifetime of serious abuse suddenly becomes the nation's greatest hope in the fight against 'something.' Mousy people often do not become, figuratively, the Rock of Gibraltar. And with each new episode it becomes obvious the that we are creating the people we are fighting, with completely irrelevant things thrown in, like date rape.The number of extraneous felonies that go unreported in the series is very high; date rape, burglary, etc. This is in addition to a CIA kill team operating on U. S. soil, for our own good.Also, this fight happens not in the trenches but on the beaches, country bars and expensive stores. The target of the story is literally a victim of her own culture, the poor little rich girl traveling the world before somehow being arrange-married and incarcerated in Riyadh to have babies, apparently never again to have freedom that she inexplicably has now. The message here seriously conflicts with itself, because she very much does not wear burkas with her friends on the beaches of the U. S.I don't understand why the series devolves into sexuality, which has very little to do with terrorism or the Middle Eastern culture the Lioness is supposedly infiltrating. The story at first seemed interesting but devolved into a series of disconnected messes, almost as if each episode was created after the previous one was finished.This isn't a Helen of Troy level love story, and so I don't understand the focus on an unlikely relationship between spy and spied-on. What are the chances of the romance developing as it does here? Considering the culture and demographics, pretty slim.Besides, if the 'terrorist banker's' daughter was that easy to get someone next to, she'd be easy to track electronically as she spends her way across the U. S. and the world. We would have no need to become her bestie to find her dad. This scenario becomes more improbable each episode.If you think this is a pro-America show, then apparently you have not seen episode 7. There were clear signs before that, but the anti-American speech by the husband at the end of that episode is very eye opening. We are getting blown up because we not only deserve it, but because we really are bad people who literally created the terrorists, who are just poor people trying to live their lives.I resent that message, especially coming from Hollywood.I thought episode 6 was silly, with the burglars being given a pocketful of cash each and a warning never to interfere with, what exactly? The entire scene was out of place and meaningless. If they were to write in about one of the CIA team stepping on gum that ultimately stopped their airplane cargo door from opening it would have had about the same effect.","rating":"4\/10","date":"1 September 2023"}
{"title":"20 Pullups? Really?","review":"Title speaks for itself, don't watch this crap unless you're already brainwashed thinking women are superhuman soldiers.How come male actors get into roles by getting fit and big, but the women in this show are all skinny and look like all they eat is lettuce?Just pure fantasy, really.. Sure, you can enjoy it but I'd much rather recommend a different show. But if you're a teenage girl maybe you will join the ARMY and become SUPERWOMAN 13.0Not sure what the show even is about, it's just a mess.An expensive mess, stuff looks pretty, good production.I had to get some more characters so I decided to write this sentence you have to read for no reason at all.","rating":"2\/10","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"Why did they do this","review":"Taylor sheridan did some amazing shows. This is not one of them. Yellowstone and 1883 were fantastic but this is some different stuff. Cliche here, cliche over there. Nothing is believable from the 1st scene where the base is suddenly attacked by 6000 isis insurgents. It is very cringe. The story develops too fast. Nothing is credible. Characters sound like they are having a bad time with such bad dialogues. Even Nicole Kidman feels completely out of place in this absolute nonsense. I don't know this could have great but it is just awful stuff like a 90s cheap action movie. Just go read a book.","rating":"3\/10","date":"5 August 2023"}
{"title":"Disappointing missed opportunity","review":"I get that the folks at Paramount (and most of the cast if you check the producer credits) want to milk the Yellowstone guy for all the cash they can while the iron is hot...but this show seems like someone lazily put a bunch of terrorist movie cliches together.There is no cohesion other than \"we must stop the terrorists\" and most of the scenes don't even follow this basic plotline but are complete unrealistic and violent or traumatic for the sake of it. This cast (and us) deserved better.After the first couple of episodes, I actually hoped this was purposely being ridiculous rather than reflecting how things actually work in the CIA\/covert special ops. A leader who forgets to check her undercover for a Christian cross tattoo? Then finds a new undercover with the strength of a Marvel hero only to beat the crap out of her using torture methods that leave her visibly bruised for her meeting with the mark. Then loans out her team to a shady colleague to perform an illegal op without any questions or pushback? New undercover cries over and over that she \"is not trained for this\". HOW IS ZOE SALDANA'S CHARACTER STILL EMPLOYED (OR ALIVE)?Production is slick but the rest of the project doesn't do its part. I'm all for suspending belief for entertainment but bringing in the shady colleague to oversee the handling of some house burglars...could the Special Ops team not handle that on their own? Writing dialogue such that every line has to sound like a profound fortune cookie...nobody has conversations like this esp the scenes with Kidman and her husband (whatever the heck that is about). Showing the wealthy, extravagant lifestyle of the mark for no reason other than to change filming locations.Sorry to ramble but it's pretty cringe all around if we're being honest and 4 feels generous (and I'm a generous guy lol). Cheers!","rating":"4\/10","date":"30 August 2023"}
{"title":"A promise to the viewer that forgot its self.","review":"This show has all the resources to be incredible, except the writing. If this was written by a middle schooler who had only a formulaic view of how life worked this might be a forgivable lapse. With a view of women that is either very hateful towards men or demeaning to all women (not sure how many times an episode one can reinforce that women are second class and helpless in this season), the show does not know what it is. The promise of female empowerment, of overcoming obstacles is a joke in this show.The show does not tell a story with clarity or even attention to detail. It allows plot holes and changes in tone to occur without an interest in keeping the audience engaged. The number of times a forced moment of emotion occurs in this show instead of feeling like it belongs in the story being told the viewer are too numerous to count. This show could have been written by AI, truly paint by numbers with no respect for the audience attempting to enjoy it.","rating":"5\/10","date":"5 September 2023"}
{"title":"Should have been better","review":"This show should have been so much more than what it actually delivered.Really strong premicse but the delivery was so off the mark.Good female leads but you all of a sudden expect everyone to believe that a scrawny girl flipping burgers is now a almost record breaking athele.But putting that aside for the sake of the story.Unfortunately the story which should and could have been so much more instead they went down some strange rabbit hole of a plot.Cannot explain how disappointing the series turned out to be.Good acting and most characters are cast well however Kidman is there for the name but actually probably the weakest link in the whole show.Very disappointed.","rating":"2\/10","date":"8 September 2023"}
{"title":"Disappointing","review":"As a fan of Yellowstone and its spin-offs, I was looking forward to this series -- especially since Taylor Sheridan is credited as the writer. I also like Zoe Saldana and Nicole Kidman.Episode 1 was just okay, but left hope that the series would improve. Episode 2 was unnecessarily brutal and stupid. It had no redeeming values.Episode 3 was a confusing mess. I had no idea what was happening most of the time.The script does a poor job of storytelling, setting the scene, developing the characters and keeping viewers engaged. Episode 3 is where I get off. I would rather watch Yellowstone reruns than this garbage.","rating":"4\/10","date":"3 August 2023"}
{"title":"Very Loosely \"Fact\" based fantasy drama.","review":"Where to start? No story..apart from that...Problem 1 - I put FACT is in quotes because this is FACT based drama meaning its a real world based drama, we are meant to believe these things have actually happened. Based on a team of female soldiers called the lionesses. The all female soldier teams are sent to war zones to search women and children at check points.After watching a couple of episodes of lioness I realise there is absolutely no connection to the real world lioness program.Problem 2 - The main women are absolute genetic freaks, Ive done marshal arts,boxing and weight training for decades and just like every trained marine in the show, I would struggle to fight either of these two women. Even though they are skin and bone and the one has no formal marshal arts training that I saw. But shes tough so erm...thats enough apparently. The highly trained marines are absolutely no match for a stripper...says a lot about the US marines!Problem 3 - The far left programming is strong in this one. Now while this isnt new to anyone who has watched tv in last 4 yeas I will just say people are bored of being lectured at in such a self righteous manner by show makers and it makes people turn off. So save your lectures for the news or documentaries as it ruins what is already poor tv.Problem 4 - Did I mention a skin and bones stripper absolutely batters highly trained and seasoned marines left right and centre...I mean at rambo levels of beatings. Except she doesnt look like rambo or have the history of rambo or fight training of rambo but she can really knock these 16 stone gym bunny, fight trained marines around like its nothing.Special metion for trying to kill a man who was following orders and we are meant to think she was right.....Im amazed at the message this is sending out there.I hate giving less than 5 but this has to be a 4 because its shot well. Otherwise it would be a 2.","rating":"4\/10","date":"2 August 2023"}
{"title":"Wish I Hadn't Watched All That","review":"But I did and man...that writing was horrible. If you get to the end of Season 1 like I did, you'll be horribly disappointed. You'd expect some plot twists in a spy thriller, but nope. You'd expect a double cross, nope. You'd expect an unusual death or something that added more intrigue or depth to the plot, wrong again. Lioness defies expectations in the worst way, by being as straightforward and predictable as possible.I literally don't know why anyone green lit this except for Taylor Sheridan's name was attached.I really thought this show might turn somehow interesting in the last 5 episodes, but it didn't. The last episode is one of the laziest, pointless finales to a series I've ever seen.","rating":"3\/10","date":"23 September 2023"}
{"title":"A special ops farce","review":"If you want to get a laugh then you should sit down and watch this series. The laughs don't look like they were intended by the creators, writers or actors, but they sure are there. In fact, it was a better comedy that a lot of other series which are marketed as comedies!The concept is supposed to be base on fact, but when I researched that 'fact' I found that the women involved were simply used to search Muslim women (for explosives etc.) because of sensibilities around men searching them. Fair enough. But, as is common these days, the creators decided to take this 'fact' and create female Rambo's.As for the writing and acting - just watch it and see.","rating":"1\/10","date":"13 September 2023"}
{"title":"Don't waste your time","review":"Taylor Sheridan has a very low opinion of actors and viewers. He doesn't think that actors are able to display emotions. He doesn't think that viewers are able to understand emotions. His solution is to use the f word in nearly every line of dialog. Apparently he doesn't understand that there are real people who don't talk like that and still make themselves understood.The main character is a Mary Sue who inserts herself into the military by being better than everyone else, even the men. The chip she carries on her shoulder renders her unsympathetic and unlikeable. None of the other characters are likable either.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2023"}
{"title":"Absolutely terrible","review":"How anyone can rate this series higher than ** is a mystery to me.It's one of the worst shows I have watched and I have watched a lot in my life.The first class cast promises a great show and in was thrilled to watch it ...BUT then came the great disappointment.A Nicole Kidman who has shown her rage of emotions and characters she can play so incredibly convincing but in in this series with a frozen face without any emotions acting as wooden as possible and worse than any untalented actress from a high school drama class.A Zoe Saldana who has an incredible rage of personalities she can play and being likable even when she plays the villain play in this series a one dimensional character who is reduced to one emotion and is utterly unlikable.And to make it even worse, the main role was given to an actress who can neither act nor fits to the role. The worst casting ever.I endured 4 episodes in hope that it might get better but it just got worse and worse.I would have rated this show a minus 10 but unfortunately worse than 1* is not possible to rate.","rating":"1\/10","date":"27 August 2023"}
{"title":"Don't waste your time watchng this","review":"The show started with some good acction and interesting built of story. But after 2nd or 3rd episode, if got too boring. If they have made a two and half hour of movie rather than making such a long show, that might have been good with good storyline and worth watcjing action. Some scenes in show are just added to stretch it to eight episoed which was useless. I am a big fan of spy movies and shows. I expected it to be as good as Jack Ryan but i was disappointed. So, my honest review is that the show is boring, it lacks a proper and good story, it should have some good action scenes which are just a few. If you want to watch something good, don't watch this show.","rating":"4\/10","date":"10 September 2023"}
{"title":"Disappointed - Expected More","review":"Wow. Very disappointed in the plot, the acting, writing, etc.The writing - \"over done,\"\nscenes - point made scene continues, long and drawn out, runs on and on,\nactors - big names can't save this program.The bar fight? LMAO ... Hard to believe this was a Taylor Sheridan sponsored program.Oh, Nicole ... I love ya, but this role was NOT you. Somewhat humorous.Zoe, Zoe, Zoe. I'm sure you are portraying the character as directed, but, I had hoped it would be much better.Jill Wagner!! - WOW. Who knew? Great to see her in a role completely opposite from her previous with Hallmark. Effort was their.Not worth the watch, barely made it thru episode 2 ... However, in all fairness I felt same about Yellowstone-and I really enjoy that program.","rating":"5\/10","date":"26 July 2023"}
{"title":"So Bad. Terrible female leads, terrible acting, terrible everything.","review":"I didn't hate this because it was unrealistic. I can handle the absurdity of the premise and obvious equal opportunity casting. It was the absolutely abysmal two main female leads that made me hate it. Their characters were so flat, so 1 dimensional, so unrealistic. Then about once per episode, for about 2 seconds they tack on a forced, family scene that is just there to try to humanize the character and make her relatable \"oh look she does have feelings and she's trying to balance a complex family situation\" but it's just done so poorly it's cringey. That and Zoe and Laysla's characters as played by the actresses are also supremely unlikable. The Arabic actress Stephanie Nur is far better and should have been a lead. The strike team characters are also much more interesting. I found myself eventually just fast forwarding any time Zoe even came on screen. She is so, so wrong for this role and does a wretched job. It gets worse each episode. This was the worst thing I've seen in a long time.","rating":"1\/10","date":"14 August 2023"}
{"title":"Hollywood narrative of special ops","review":"If you believe that Hollywood can create a better special ops operation than the government agencies can. Then this confused story is just the ticket. I enjoyed the location scenes and the high-tech equipment. Apart from that no interesting characters were developed. The confusion were to go with the story was evident from the start and remained until the bitter end. No real surprises here as it's followed your typical political policy neutrality. I'm not sure whether the intent was to educate or to ask questions. But as one of the characters said, \"This is the best job\"! Pathetic! But I do like Zoe's smile.","rating":"3\/10","date":"6 September 2023"}
{"title":"Started out great, then felt way too rushed","review":"Just gonna say, I liked the concept of this show, it grabbed my attention from the start. The music was awesome. The plot just sucked, everything felt like it was just thrown in there and nothing had time to develop. The story had too many elements, things were hinted at but never explored further. For instance, Nicole Kidman's husband(i think?) you never understand their tension, it's kinda just expected that you'll get it. There was zero character arch, they'd try to throw conflict in there, but then somehow everything works out with very little struggle. I thought the last episode was just quickly and sloppily tying up bunch of loose ends. Even the argument between Joe & her husband made no sense and was never resolved properly. This show could have been so much better if the plot made sense, and wasn't just a bunch of random story lines squeezed into too few episodes.","rating":"4\/10","date":"11 September 2023"}
{"title":"Unrealistic","review":"Ops can't work in such way with women ops, what a joke of a movie. Your disrespecting the women and men who fight for this country, your making them a mockery. Your approach to same sex love and awareness of teen's who die in car crashes are symbolizing selfishness. Dear God have mercy on this country it's falling apart. I can speak for the rest of the people who believe in freedom, a god nation and the rest of the world who actually see these hidden dangers in these movie's. Whoever wrote the script was the wrong person for the job, you know nothing about marine's. It's the movie's then the school's teaching them what they see SMH.","rating":"2\/10","date":"26 August 2023"}
{"title":"Let's hope this is pure fiction","review":"Are soldiers, special ops or otherwise, really this moronic? Do they really routinely engage in bar tool brawls, is throwing a punch the limit of their intellect?I'd like to think they are a little more intelligent and considered in their behaviour. Sure, they joined the marines but given we put them in charge of deadly weapons let's hope they really aren't the jerks this show portrays them as.Has the writer\/s never heard of one punch deaths? People do not always survive being punched in the head and if they do they don't generally shake it off.Maybe in doing research for this the writer could have taken just a single punch, pretty much anywhere to understand what happens and then could have written something more realistic.Yes there is violence in the world and real violence is actually worse, it's just not as dramatic.","rating":"5\/10","date":"30 July 2023"}
{"title":"Starts great, gets awful","review":"This turned into some soap opera family drama. Barely anything with the main action actress. Zoe Saldana has literally one facial expression. Nicole Kidman has no expression thanks to Botox. This is poorly done on all levels. Had a promising first four episodes, then it crashes and burns into Boredom City. Not sure how realistic anything is, but my guess is there's a lot here that isn't realistically done. Wondering where Morgan Freeman is? Wasn't he supposed to be in the show? Five episodes in, no Morgan Freeman. Husband actor is pretty good. Recruit actress is good. Bobby and the other team are good.","rating":"2\/10","date":"14 August 2023"}
{"title":"Claptrap","review":"This is what Hollywood has come to, making obvious and repetitive dramas with but peppered with incredibly unlikely circumstances like this one.A female led CIA squad takes on ISIS or whoever (generic Islamic terrorist org). That would be such a strategic error - they would have the biggest targets on their backs it would make the whole thing untenable. Anyway, apart from that this series is so packed full of patriotic-jumbo, and it's almost as if this only got made because of the one element that makes it 1% different to everything else they make (the female angle).If you like the usual, run of the mill series (even the musical intro has been done 100s of times now) then this is for you but don't watch it expecting anything new.","rating":"1\/10","date":"13 August 2023"}
{"title":"Poor","review":"Very very stereotyped show that is a F joke to anyone from Middle East starting with Arabic accent from Lebanon portray as Kuwaiti to the women oppressed, men predators BS. It's really disappointing since I discovered that the writer wrote yellowstones and Tulsa king shows, like what bro, we should only upgrade. It's very important to give the viewers what they want including America is the place and everywhere else is suffering but more importantly is to be at least fair in what you portray to the world. Well here's 2 starts for you so next time please put some more effort into the scripts, locations, cast like everything totally.","rating":"2\/10","date":"8 August 2023"}
{"title":"Yikes! Climate change is behind everything!","review":"Yikes! Climate change shows up in Ep 7 as the reason we have put puppets in place in every Middle East country to call the populace until we can get rid of fossil fuels. The plot is so unrealistic it Durant even make good fiction. I have to give the writers Vicodin for hiding the real story until nearly the end of Ep 7. The story depends on the scary old liberal idea that the United States is behind every evil and causes every problem in the world. The climate change scare mongers worked overtime to try and create a good story but failed miserably. This could have been a run of the mill unrealistic good but\/bad guy story but they had to screw it up with their political agenda.","rating":"2\/10","date":"27 August 2023"}
{"title":"Annoying brat kid...","review":"For the most part its entertaining though few things that don't make logical sense. Cringing closeups of Nicole Kitmans botox face. The most annoying part that bugs me every time is the brat daughter. The parents are just deadbeats & enablers when it comes to any sort of parenting & discipline. I had behaved anything close that girl at that age my folks would of smacked me to start, along with other consequences. The brat destroyed the car she was driving that more than likely her parents paid for while irresponsibly driving & texting + kills her 3 friends that were passengers (where is the judicial system in this, she would be sent to prison) & she gets pregnant (when been told many times by her folks not to have sex).. all in the same week... and here's the real kicker: instead of her \"parents\" laying down the law they beg for forgiveness at lecturing her?!?!? I was dumbfounded at how the show wrote that. The things I got disciplined on with a ruler, belt or backhand is miniscule in comparison to the life altering consequences of this brat, yet god forbid we see one of the adults actually take action like a real parent with the gravity of those situations.","rating":"5\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"ill-researched, Too Many-gaps and Ridiculously far from real world","review":"I really wanted to like this show, given the cast and concept of girls unit kick butt, but it felt short on being real to the point of annoyance. I still decided to give it a shot and watched 3 episodes until I just couldn't take it anymore. The situations and CIA tactics shown in the show are distastefully unreal to even untrained eyes. I mean, hiring a rookie who can't speak a word of Arabic to infiltrate a target organization in the Middle East, high value targets being all gullible like here I am, infiltrate me, and too many stupid things, etc.....Guess my issue is I watched this show after the masterpiece, Jack Ryan, so I couldn't just digest weak plot and Disneyland version of Espionage Show.","rating":"3\/10","date":"17 August 2023"}
{"title":"Got about 3 minutes into this","review":"Lol, stopped watching about 3 minutes in. There's a huge gun fight with 50 cals and rifles and bombs going off and our main hero is talking on the phone like she's at home lying on the sofa. Almost like the dialogue was recorded in a sound booth in a Hollywood studio and just pasted into the show. She's calling for an airstrike like there's nothing going on around her. That's just bad directing and editing.Sorry, but I can't take this show seriously if that's the kind of effort the makers put into it. Have some pride in your work and put some effort into it. You're making millions off this and Mcdonalds employees have more pride in their work than you do. Laughable.","rating":"1\/10","date":"12 September 2023"}
{"title":"this is pretty bad","review":"The only thing that I have liked, thats been put out by Sheridan was Sicario, so needless to say I wasnt expecting this to be a gem. I usually like Zoe Saldana, especially as an assassin in Colombiana, So I seen this was supposed action and stared her, I tried it. First of all the acting is bad, even by what seems to look like an AI Nicole KIdman (no wonder their striking) the main character is so completely wrong for this role and unlikeable and cant act of course, I guess this is the type of movies and series and actors we can expect now, especially since AI is taking over hollywood and AI obviously sucks and is not good at putting out anything except BS pc propaganda. Nothing is believable about this garbage, save yourself the anguish and skip it!","rating":"1\/10","date":"10 August 2023"}
{"title":"False Advertising","review":"They heavily promote Morgan Freeman in the trailers and the posters show his name headlined.Yes three episodes in and he's no where to be found. So misleading just to try to get more viewers to tune in.Matter of fact, Nicole Kidman is barely in it either. Each episode she's in it for maybe 5 minutes total. Give me a break.I know that these two A lister were advertised as \"with...\" so they aren't the lead roles but based on the trailers, they made it look like they have significant roles.I don't think this show is terrible, it has a lot of potential, but it's not meeting the high bar that Taylor Sheridan is known for.","rating":"5\/10","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"2 The mission failed","review":"Do we have a recipe to make a masterpiece or we should have a great story to tell?Answer: Freeman, Nicole Kidman and some good actors and nothing else is not enough to make a good movie.My first question about all of this is:\nWhen we're going to see again a movie story about a true friendship without sex?I don't know the answer but it's really sad, the left agenda is beyond reality. Anyway they lost a great chance, again to do something special. They have a remarkable cast, the plot about power is reasonable but it's vanished with a thousand cliches. Sorry but it was another failure. I can't tell where you should go but Don't go through this way.","rating":"2\/10","date":"28 August 2023"}
{"title":"I did not understand why they created this show...","review":"I watched 8 episodes of seemingly clever individuals doing incoherent things without purpose and goal. The final feeling is that of empiness. The message is that everything is done for money, and those who take the decisions are not only cruel and cold but also.foolish and brainless. Experienced fighters act like children, it seems that the American society is in crisis in its foundation, the family and of course, the islamist families are all depressed, supressed and unhappy. I could live without this show, for sure. The action and filmography were superb though! Finally, I am sorry that Nicole Kidman had completely lost her ability to show any emotion, because of the unsuccesful plastic surgeries she has had...","rating":"4\/10","date":"12 October 2023"}
{"title":"Another one ...","review":"The writer decided, lets put every single cliche in the first episode, foreign soldiers fighting an enemy they created, destroying everything to save the dignity of the spy, feeling sad about it, the superwoman, a woman so strong, so intelligent, a prodigy, a force of nature, everyone is shocked and stunned by her amazingness. Then without any prep at all, she's thrust into an op and all of a sudden the panic begins, the cold - because I gave my warmth to someone else before who died because of me, therefore I don't want to get to know you in case the same thing happens to you - team leader, the flagrant disregard for protocol, just because and then no consequences for breaking them, the ended in the loss of life.Those were the ones I could keep a track of in this generic, bland mess.I mean what is this? 99% of everything that has been released since 2019 has been aweful. Just the same old thing rehashed with new actors. Maybe I should go back to books.","rating":"1\/10","date":"25 December 2023"}
{"title":"More Please! This show feels like a \"peak behind the intelligence curtain\"","review":"** No major spoilers, but an opinion of the main character**\nThis show grabs your attention and heart in the first five minutes when you see the very real consequence of decisions being made in service to your country and the sacrifices made by those who serve and those who command. I love the insight you get by having characters who go up the chain from boots on the ground to behind the desk giving orders. It's a characteristic I haven't seen explored this fully and it provided a real layer of depth all around. What gives this show an edge over similar films is following the characters home and how they deal with civilian life, family, relationships and the struggle in high pressure & demand careers, the priority it must take over everything and the effects of same. I also appreciated Nicole Kidman's role & complicated marriage that must exist at that level of intelligence & influence. I love the game of cat and mouse she plays with her spouse and can't quite figure out if in part some of her decisions are made with his influence. By including the families of soldiers I really think this show does a good job of showing all aspects of this type of career. The action and war feel are not watered down with the extra components and I think that in part is what separates this show from the competition. The only thing I didn't care for ( and this may have been the character development created by the actor and not actually predetermined or written into the show) was the female leads \"uninterested\" attitude at times. I understand she's supposed to come off as morally conflicted but I would think in real life always having that flat personality, anti- money, anti- good time would become off putting- not make you more interesting. I wish she found a way to not be such a sour puss all the time and had more depth at really getting caught up in her make believe world and enjoying some of the spoils of the good life versus staying on task and focused on her mission. For all the traveling she did, never having luggage or having any interest in personal affects, toiletries didn't feel real- and that's my only complaint with the show. I really hope there's more to come because I think there a lot of depth and much more they can still do with this series.As for the bad reviews- I don't believe them. There must be some vested interest in knocking this show down because it delivers on war based, intelligence, action, suspense and drama.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 October 2023"}
{"title":"Had so much potential but fell flat and lost intended message","review":"This show had so much potential but the whole story just seemed to jump around with no sense of direction and an ending that looked like it was slapped together while the writer was being water boarded. I hated how the main Lioness got beat up and brutally abused by Jo's deep state henchman shortly after we meet her and think she's getting a second chance at a good life. She has such a pretty face, but after the second episode, she looked like she had been gang-raped and run over by a steam truck. It made it harder for the Lioness to do her job, especially when the person who made her look like that was her own boss. Zoe Saldana's character Jo was an empty soulless shrew who deserved all the misery she got during the show. It's odd , but I hated her character so much I was rooting for the supposed \"bad guys\" in the series, especially Aaliyah. This show made me hate the CIA even more than I thought I hated them. The Lioness summed it up correctly in the end when she said this organization accomplished nothing except breed a new generation of terrorists. I'd recommend watches this only to hate on the CIA for interfering in other people's business and creating problems where none should exist.","rating":"2\/10","date":"15 September 2023"}
{"title":"Until this one Taylor Sheridan was on top...","review":"Until this one every creation of Taylor Sheridan was an absolute masterpiece. But this garbage is a complete downfall. Unrealistic plot with extremely primitive dialogs and holes in the storyline. A complete misunderstanding of an arab world and CIA operations. How the F could anyone think of\/create a non arabic speaking cia deep cover agent intended to infiltrate Arab high ranking circles. No Arab would EVER trust a non arabic speaking stranger, NEVER EVER.And who the F created a whole women operated CIA division operating an undercover agents in the middle east, are you fkng serious.? CIA is the most chauvinistic organization in the US.","rating":"2\/10","date":"6 August 2023"}
{"title":"An unfortunate series of unfortunate events","review":"This show leaves me perplexed with its lack of an actual plot. Merely a series of disconnected and disturbing vignettes, it serves up tragedy after tragedy, subjecting its characters to unending trauma both in the present and the past. Regrettably, the one-dimensional characters fail to captivate, rendering this drama ultimately pointless. The fragmented narrative hinders any meaningful exploration. The moment something becomes interesting, it's buried under yet another disaster. The relentless darkness becomes tiresome, comical even. It struggles to create a meaningful connection between \"gripping\" and \"storytelling\". Will further episodes resolve something? Maybe, but I have a feeling they'll just pile on the adversities.","rating":"4\/10","date":"6 August 2023"}
{"title":"Poor attempt to replicate \"Homeland\"","review":"This review is based on the first five episodes:The initial setup had all the right ingredients for an engaging and captivating series. However, it's apparent that Taylor Sheridan has continued his tendency to overload shows with unnecessary and tedious storylines, much like with Yellowstone, 1883, and 1923;You will notice the incorporation of soapy elements within the show;It's important to highlight Nicole Kidman's outstanding performance. In fact, the entire cast delivers strong performances;If you are expecting action, you might be slightly disappointed;Even though you might perceive it as a Middle East drama, it's actually not. However, you will sense that the creators draw inspiration from \"Homeland.\"I believe that the show could potentially be stretched out unnecessarily, possibly compromising the quality of storytelling to reserve story elements for a potential second season.","rating":"5\/10","date":"16 August 2023"}
{"title":"Hell or Highwater was a great movie. I loved it. It would be nice if Taylor Sheridan stopped giving us first drafts of Scripts and worked on them a little bit.","review":"Just so disappointed. The cast he has compiled in his myriad series is just the cream of the crop. I am positive that the movie we got on screen with hell or High water was not his first draft. I'm sure it went through multiple rewrites for the superior film we were gifted with was released. That doesn't seem to be the case with any of his television series. Some of it is really good but a lot of it stinks. Just clich\u221a\u00a9 dialogue and first draft plot points. Sheridan is a gifted writer but his pen doesn't seem to match his ego longer. And that's a shame.I watched an episode and a half of this series and finally turned it off because the stupid outweighed the grid by a mile.","rating":"2\/10","date":"20 August 2023"}
{"title":"Foul mouthed unpleasant rubbish","review":"So, the premise is a good one I suppose...this elite squad of women fighting for their country. But the premise is the only half decent thing about the series. It turns out that the way to show women as strong is just to portray them as violent, unpleasant foul mouthed testosterone fuelled clones of men. They have their own people beaten half to death to \"toughen them up\" then send them into the field still recovering and covered in bruises. Every cast member is unpleasant and unlikeable - you don't really care what happens to them. Not that it matters because three episodes in the only danger our heroine has faced is from her own side.. even the home life is unrealistic and confrontational. The consultant husband is unpleasant to his staff. The mother (Saldana) is unpleasant to her daughter. The daughter is unpleasant to everybody!All this is, I suspect, meant to show how dedicated and tough they all are. It doesn't succeed on this or any other level.","rating":"2\/10","date":"13 August 2023"}
{"title":"This sesson is laying","review":"The drama is fantastic and amazing but americans always showing themselves as a superheroes and overcoming anyone worldwide. Which is not Fair. We still didn't forget the lose of USA in Vitnam, Afganistan and of course middle east (Iraq and Syira) by not successfully achieving their goals. So Hollywood authors trying to pretend here that the Marinz are still the heros. Is it possible that Amerohi will not take his full precautions while there is American lady comingng to his rougher wedding.As well as there is huge damage in american societes because of a big gab in family members because of thier non ethical missions while it shows the opposite here in this season.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 September 2023"}
{"title":"Gratuitous use of Cancer as a drama device","review":"Once again Taylor Sheridan is using cancer as a gratuitous drama device. As someone who's lost their entire family, mostly to cancer, I'm just damn tired of every single TV show and movie using cancer as a plot device just to make people feel sad. In this case the use of Cancer is just to create drama and does nothing to further the plot. That's the worst reason to use it, therefore I won't be watching this show. Someday writers will remember that people often watch TV and movies as a form of escapism and that there's no need to cause pain to their viewers simply because it's easy drama. Since Taylor Sheridan keeps using it without any real reason to do so I probably won't be watching anymore of his projects either.","rating":"3\/10","date":"1 August 2023"}
{"title":"Macho Nonsense !","review":"I manged to watch most of the first episode of this show. The characters were quite unbelievable, so macho maco macho. The main charcater's husband, who is a brain surgeon, was so wodden in his converstaion with anothet surgeon that that was my lot. They were just like the special ops guys. Hard macho dialogue, awful. I think you are some how supposed to think that hey, these tough guys are so sensitive deep down.. Really !! This is always the same with this director, but at least some of his other shows are at least watchable for more than one episode.. It was not so much the plot, but the characters, and their dilaogue. It is supposed to be dramtic and keep you on the edge of your seats... No subltety at all.","rating":"2\/10","date":"6 August 2023"}
{"title":"Good production, decent plot, decent acting, complete fantasy","review":"If you like fantasy, maybe this show is for you. There's almost nothing realistic about it. It's entertaining, but those of us in the know roll our eyes throughout the entire thing. To be clear, there have been many great women in the military and intelligence career fields. This show takes that idea to a Marvel level. No, there are no female \"Operators\" despite those few news articles you might've read. It's simply not true. Keep the fantasy to shows that don't pretend to be realistic. Taylor Sheridan really missed the mark with this one. All the talent in the world couldn't save this mess. Hard pass from here on out.","rating":"3\/10","date":"7 August 2023"}
{"title":"One word: bad","review":"On and on, and on. It's a drag. It tests you to the limit and way, way beyond - to say the least. The story is weak, we all know that nations (even the not so powerful) do that. So what. And the casting... really bad. Two or three women with tremendously hairy men who are all but a footnote. It's like trying the female power balance with testosterone. Doesn't work. The lead is as detached as anyone in this failure (sorry: series). Barely any character development. Mostly none. The executives probably paid a handful of money to the lead actress - to not avail. She will probably forget (or want to) this BS, as we will all do. Brrrrr.","rating":"3\/10","date":"7 August 2023"}
{"title":"Brainless writing and hammy performances","review":"So I watched the first episode and got pretty excited at the thought of watching a solid action series with women in key central roles. Second episode was a bit dissapointing ... (why would you chuck an unauthorised SERE on an agent about to go undercover and beat her black and blue is beyond stupid) but from the third episode on it started to border on the cringe ... I think someone needs to tell the writers that women don't have to be shown as getting beat up black and blue every time the camera pans on them to show people that they are strong ... I stopped watching mid way through the fourth episode and decided a game of Call of Duty was more worth my time and probably just as unreal. The story is weak and has no basis in anything real whatsoever and the fiction is so overblown and in overcooked that it ends up brodering on being cringey. Saldana is wasted here and Nicole Kidman (apart from looking heavily phottoshopped) is a wasted talent as well. So much potential and so little delivered. I do hope someone picks up on this theme though and some day makes a sensible show about women CIA operators doing their job and doing it well. Big Fail Taylor. Stick to Westerns.","rating":"3\/10","date":"9 August 2023"}
{"title":"The great hollowness","review":"Why even make a show if you have nothing say? Being able to recruit a few celebrities doesn't mean you should just for the principle of it.Watching this show after the first episode is like seeing a headless chicken that keeps running aimlessly in every possible direction after having just been separated from its cognitive functions. Just longer, much longer.It starts as a nonsensical action\/espionage thriller but at least at first it looks like pretty entertaining nonsense. But soon enough it becomes obvious that the writer has absolutely no idea what story he wants to tell, so the main storyline drags its feet endlessly, moving tiny bit by tiny bit if at all, only to punctuate ridiculous unrelated events that add nothing to the plot and other (particularly cringe) family drama.How does this get such rave reviews I wonder. Or do I?Taylor Sheridan keeps selling his name cheap, eventually there'll be nothing left to sell.","rating":"3\/10","date":"25 October 2023"}
{"title":"Change the narrative","review":"The series is entertaining and enjoyable to watch, to an extent. The fact that they still stereotype Muslim people with being terrorists, it's backwards and so wrong. And the Americans are the good ones trying to save the world. Change the narrative.Apart from that, the performances of Zoe Saldana, Laysla de Oliveira and Priscilla Doueihy are outstanding. Nicole Kidman is trying too hard and Morgan Freeman barely shows up in the show, a bit of waste given his listed as part of the main cast.It is a bit of a shame, because they could have made a great show, but they wasted the opportunity by using those stereotypes.","rating":"5\/10","date":"16 September 2023"}
{"title":"This is how the CIA really recruits people.","review":"If you're brutalized and you've been run down or run over in your life here's a chance to do what they call payback!I don't like the vulgarity, or the brutality but they that seem to be sticking pretty much true to form.Don't recommend any teenagers or anybody except somebody who's been in the military done this stuff.And you wonder why people get in these positions society fail them.Brutality brings out the worst in people if you watch it you're more than likely to think all of humanity is that way it's not.Being that I've been around and the things I've seen and done I can't say this don't get involved if somebody tries to recruit you.Because you may not get out alive. They never really retire you. They just come when and they need you to come work again.You need to learn how to be a ghost and live off grid.Make a back up plan on your previous back up plans because there's always gotta be something you can fall back on.","rating":"1\/10","date":"9 August 2023"}
{"title":"Ignore the Good Reviews","review":"When they talk about room clearing, it's not tactically entering a structure and clear rooms of possible threats. It means this awful show clears living room of viewers.All these good reviews talk about how this is a great espionage show. There's almost no espionage, but just one plant partying with the target. They do more domestic action than actual ones overseas. We all know that TV CIA does not do any domestic spying. All that is done by TV FBI.The family life of the lead will give you a headache. Way too much domestic life trauma.The problem of this show that it takes liberties of things that we all know in these types of shows. Like you don't shoot someone with a suicide vest. 99.9% of the time, they'll have a dead-man trigger.","rating":"3\/10","date":"16 August 2023"}
{"title":"Barely was able to finish series","review":"In the beginning, I was enjoying the series until the heavy lesbian scenes. Why is Hollywood pushing this on us? I'm shocked, since I've enjoyed all of Taylor Sheridan series. I feel that Nicole Kidman, whom I have enjoyed in the past, was miscast in this series. I was surprised the Morgan Freeman had such a small irreverent part, because I do love Morgan Freeman. I enjoyed that there were so many actresses and felt that they did a pretty good job. However I feel in an action series such as this one, you need more male actors. I did watch all the series, but was very disappointed in Taylor Sherdon's work on this one.","rating":"5\/10","date":"21 September 2023"}
{"title":"5 episodes in and its ok","review":"I really wanted this to be a great show, the Marine recruit has zero personality, Kidman's face looks like it has been worked on too much, and Zoe Saldana is out of her element with the family aspect. Micheal Kelly's cameos show that his is comfortable playing the leadership role. I feel that this show could have been much more interesting without Saldana's family situation, leave it up to MTV to place character that is 14 years old who may have to have an abortion, strong work MTV! *sarcasm* Oh that must be what makes this show a drama, the name of the show is misleading if you were looking for action, it is few and far between, besides when the team has to save the recruit from being roofied, kidnapped, or SA'd. The storyline could have been more believable, but that is where the mission was failed in this show.","rating":"5\/10","date":"21 September 2023"}
{"title":"The Potential...","review":"Was wasted. The Lioness program was real. The women that served were real. Taylor Sheridan takes more than artistic license making this series, he makes a mockery of the work of those women.Drill instructors wearing the famed campaign cover, sometimes known as the Smokey the Bear hat - but no duty belt. And the list of inaccuracies (that frankly anyone could have checked online) goes on and on.Zoe Saldana as the leader Joe is always attractive, but her character unnecessarily forceful and tries too hard to be the tough gal. The writers of the Guardian series did her justice with just the right balance.Laysla De Oliveir - also beautiful, but Sheridan does her character Cruz no justice. Sheridan writes Cruz as some sort of...well, think of Stallone in The Expendable action movies. A caricature. So over the top so as to not be realistic.If you're expecting the realism and honestly created characters of Sheridan's 1883 mini-series (a prequel to his Yellowstone series), you'll be sorely disappointed. In 1883 Sheridan gave us the character Elsa Dutton, beautifully played by Isabel May. The Elsa Dutton character was believable, and viewers fell in love with Isabel May. This could have happened with Laysla De Olivei and Zoe Saldana's characters, but Sheridan fell way short. (And frankly Sheridan had a head start with Saldana. She's loved by viewers as Gamora in the Guardians series, but Sheridan misses out on using that viewer investment wisely.)I'll watch a couple of more episodes, and hopefully it gets better. But Sheridan isn't a rookie and it's reasonable to expect that he would put out a better product.","rating":"3\/10","date":"21 August 2023"}
{"title":"What?","review":"I should have known better. Another piece of Taylor Sheridan male fantasy, flag waving bull that appeals to the \"America is Great\" brigade. Not a blink as we set off on yet another US elite unit out to murder America's \"enemies\" just because someone sat in a comfy office said so in a deep and serious voice but this time with the added titillation of an all female unit masquerading as female empowerment. All the characters, including Soldana, are flat and one dimensional, the opposition are cardboard cutout villains with not an ounce of commonsense and the plotting is ludicrous; send a rookie operator into an Arab terror organisation who can't speak Arabic, classic. Just another pile of trash from Paramount and Sheridan.","rating":"1\/10","date":"19 August 2023"}
{"title":"Piece of crap","review":"It is said, the opening line of a book, is what grabs the reader. The same applies to the viewer, the opening scene. I hadn't a clue what was happening.Then later in the first episode, the main femle character is seen entering a home with what appears to be a white father and two black children (sex undetermined), relationship is not mentioned.I got the basic idea what this was about, before I found out it was based on an actual \"event\". The portrayal is deplorable.I'm glad that in this day and age, I can download a series, find it's crap, delete it, and have a life. I'm old, I've not time to waste.","rating":"1\/10","date":"5 September 2023"}
{"title":"Alright for the most part, but don't expect anything mind blowing","review":"Usually those TV shows about government secret agent stuff doesn't really surprise me as anything great or worse tho watching. The same can sort of be said with Special Ops: Lioness. It's not to say it's a boring, uninspiring show that I would highly recommend skipping, but it's just an ok show.Anything good? The characters aren't written entirely as a cliche (for the most part) or as one of those \"strong empowering women that can do anything.\" It's more of a welcoming addition that they don't seem to give off the \"I can do anything\" vibe because they are actually written like what good characters should be written. But of course it's not the absolute greatest but it's whatever.What about the bad? Pacing is somewhat fast or slow. There's those in between with the mission and family matters which usually come off as unnecessary. Adding the family drama helps to build more on Zoe Saldana's character but really does lose focus on what the real plot is. And the actual plot? They set up this whole show to infiltrate this high value target who knows someone who the CIA wants dead or something but never really gave it their all to explain why, just do.Also, being 5 episodes in, where the hell is Morgan Freeman's character? I really expected him to play some pivotal role in this show but it seems like he's only there to be some President Obama filler towards the end. So another downside would be the under-utilization of characters. They had the guy from Jack Ryan but he's only there for a minute in each episode. Such a waste of good talent.So, is it worth watching? Ehh. It's one of those \"not great, not terrible\" shows I will most likely forget after I finish it, but it's watchable for the most part.","rating":"5\/10","date":"18 August 2023"}
{"title":"Fantasyland","review":"This is real fantasyland. It must have been written by teenagers with no idea about the real world.To begin with, the idea of having female special operations soldiers (and the very best of special operations soldiers) is so far into fantasyland that it makes everything that follows ludicrous.There has never been a female special operations soldier, for very simple reasons. Only a very small fraction of male soldiers can qualify, making it impossible for a (cis)female to do so.As for it being based on a true story, you simply have to read up on who it was based on to see that this is also very far from the truth.","rating":"2\/10","date":"13 September 2023"}
{"title":"Not what I thought","review":"I have Been putting off watching this, but finally had to cave because there was nothing else to Watch.One of the reason for putting it off is brcause of Nicole Kidman. Can\u00b4t stand her!! I really dont see the appeal in her at all! Throughout this whole series she looked so stiff, too much botox that inhibited her face from expressions.Zoe Saladana did an OK Job, not her biggest fan though.WHY did they need to put in an absolute pointless angry teenager?? Did\u00b4nt do anything for the storyline at all! Such a waste of time, irritation and bloodpressure: I really hate when they do this!!The rest of the cast did an ok Job with what they were given.","rating":"5\/10","date":"8 December 2023"}
{"title":"Lioness could have been written (and cast) better","review":"Taylor Sheridan is a busy man these days.In light of this, it appears he might not have put the requisite attention into this show's scripts.Laysla De Oliveira plays the protagonist Cruz Manuelos. She is a newly minted Special Ops member of the Marines, and barely legal to drink. Zoe Saldana plays Joe, Cruz's superior.The show is not quite a member of the reality based community. Joe and the CIA throw Cruz into a high pressure covert operation with literally no preparation. Then, when unfortunate turns occur, Joe decides to leave this kid in place, among many well armed terrorists.This series is entertaining in places (as others have mentioned, please ignore the scenes with Joe's teenage daughter. They do little to advance the story). Jill Wagner does what she can with her role as a fellow Marine.Nicole Kidman has looked better than she does here. No one should have or use that much plastic surgery or Botox.","rating":"5\/10","date":"4 December 2023"}
{"title":"Not believable","review":"The action is good but the plot is ridiculous due to main character who is supposed to be deep undercover but leaves the mission whenever she wants and has scars all over the place when she arrives back on scene which would raise questions. Furthermore, the security at the mansion is top notch and lioness just waltzed back in there with no red flags. The family drama of Saldanas character is just filler and useless in this type of story. The behind the scenes in the war room was new territory that I haven't scene in a picture before and I'm sure in real life it goes deeper than what was shown as far as the corruption on a regular basis. This is a 5 at best but could have been so much better for a Sheridan production.","rating":"5\/10","date":"18 September 2023"}
{"title":"Typical Sheridan","review":"Sheridan's obsession with woman's naked bodies is the only thing that makes this series synonymous with Yellowstone and the rest of his titillating male fantasy series. If you can't watch a Tv series without getting embarrassed with your teenage boys, then it isn't worth it. Give me Longmire, Joe Picket and Jack Ryan series anyway. Hats off to Tom Cruise, and others who don't have to exploit female bodies in order to gain huge audiences and become box office successes. Lioness could be one of those new \" woman rule\" action series that the entire family could enjoy! Wake up, Sheridan and stop the macho eye candy men movies!","rating":"1\/10","date":"16 August 2023"}
{"title":"Too focused on the characters and not the story","review":"I thought this show was going to be a kick ass thriller with lots of suspense built into it but just as you guessed it wasent.I was extremely disappointed since the cast is very strong and their acting is great yet the show manages to go off plot atleast 10 times through out this \"action\" show.Which ends up turning into a romance movie with lots of crying and unnecessary emotions that completely taint the main character the \"marine\/lioness\" part.That also blows her cover like 100 times but is ignored and then ends up hitting the target in a hit of 1 minute due to her being blown. Not wor.","rating":"3\/10","date":"8 January 2024"}
{"title":"All good until the final episode","review":"Good acting,and fairly immersive main story line come together to a finale that ruined the Whole series for me. Some of the side story lines were utterly pointless come the end and only once you get to the final you realise this. The meeting with the target - didn't really have any edge to it and all came around too quickly. The final fight scene wasn't anything epic and felt rushed. I don't know how it should go but I didn't really believe it and there were plenty of other less believable parts but none annoyed me like the end gun fight. And then the whole series wrapped up in the final 2 mins. Not what I wanted but have to give five stars as up until the final I was hooked.","rating":"5\/10","date":"4 September 2023"}
{"title":"Utter Rubbish","review":"This came highly recommended from somewhere. If I remember where or whom, I'll hunt them down and smash their TV!!!What a load of sh*^! We have the requisite Eur-Afican looking lead (a woman, of course) leading a special operations unit in Syria where an \"asset\" has been discovered by the evil baddies coz she has tattoo of a cross on her body. Did someone say \"DUMB\"???? I'm no military expert but I'd have thought that checking for stuff like that was Undercover 101.Next idiocy, we recruit ANOTHER super bad-arse chick to go undercover. We have the gratuitous nudity, swearing and beating up of people left-right-and-centre. Once again, I've never been in the military but I'd have thought that there'd by some kind of psych evaluation to weed out those with some massive chips on their shoulders as chicks 1 and 2.Then we get to the hubby and kids of chick 1. He's a wonderful and gifted surgeon who cooks. Despite these two amazing parents, our mixed race (as is de rigeur for EVERY SINGLE THING MADE these days) are spoiled, violent little turds. Dad attempts punishment by taking mobile phone away and Mum gives it back. Way to punish poor behaviour!The children serve ZERO purpose in the story. I got halfway through Episode 2 and had to turn it off. Mind numbingly bad.","rating":"2\/10","date":"1 October 2023"}
{"title":"Technical problems","review":"Much of the show is filmed to dark to be able to follow the action well. To make matters worse, it is cut up for commercial breaks on Amazon (hosting Paramount +) at the weirdest places, sometimes just seconds before the end of a scene. Between these two complaints, it is becoming painful to watch and I may not finish the series as a result.I was really hoping that this would be a series with enough star power to carry the implausible plot. Zoe Zaldano carries her weight and despite the overemphasis on her family drama, she manages to stay pretty well on point. Nicole Kidman is way to stern and unlikeable.","rating":"4\/10","date":"21 August 2023"}
{"title":"Just another soap opera","review":"I had marginal hopes for this series. The concept is based on a real program and what I had expected and hoped for was a military drama. However, what it really is is another soap opera with so much woke, it could have been made by Apple. The characters are two dimensional and with respect, Zoe Saldana is not a good actor. The primary plot lines are weak and the secondary plot lines are mostly sobbing dramas. While the filmmaking is good, the editing needs to be much more aggressive because each episode drags like a front wheel drive car with no rear wheels. It could have been great, but it's not, and is indicative of the lack of quality writing coming out of Hollywood in recent years. Flat and tiresome.","rating":"2\/10","date":"24 September 2023"}
{"title":"Some Good.... Some Bad","review":"I will start out positive. I like Taylor Sheridan work. Virtually all of it is great.However, this is not one of those works. This one was just \"bleh\".Let's start with some obvious issues:1) Nicole Kidman: What in the HELL happened to her face? I mean, oh my GOD. It looks like she got butchered by a plastic surgeon. Wow. Unbelievable. It looks like her face is literally melting. I can't imagine what she looks like without makeup. BAD BAD BAD cast choice. Gross. I couldn't help staring at her whenever there was a scene with her. Disgusting.2) Ending: Was it me or did this show just \"abruptly end\"? I mean, we worked for 7 Episodes to get into the right place\/location, and then WHAM....... we have 18 minutes left in the LAST EPISODE, and it just ends? Horrible. They must have run out of money or something.3) Realism: 99% of what these people do in \"deep cover operations\" in this series is simply ridiculous. It's beyond ridiculous. It's literally the epitome of stupidity. Come on people. Common sense 7th graders could have come up with better decisions in some of these situations. Dumb.Just not as good as it could have been.","rating":"4\/10","date":"3 October 2023"}
{"title":"To all those giving it 10","review":"The majority of reviewers here giving it a 10, then stating 'it's just a tv program'. 'It's just for entertainment purposes' , 'it's all about budget' 'it's amazing so real' need a wake up call.This TV series is advertised as 'inspired by a military program' so all the true veterans and soldiers here saying this is absolute trash are 100% right. This has nothing to do to with 'men' thinking they're superior or are stuck in a frame of mind and don't want women to succeed.. please get over yourself.The pull up scene is a joke and to clarify I'm not a soldier but I do love going to the gym and I've never in all my years at the gym seem any woman built like that do any pull ups without the assisted pull up machine, in fact most built like that can't even do 3 pull ups all the way up and down hence why they end up hogging it but that's a different story.Then, built like a match stick she takes out trained soldiers and is ridiculously overpowered where we are insulted into believing that she dodges the enemies top soldiers who cant even shoot straight. She has 0 respect for the father of her children, is poorly trained and a terrible judge in the field... and this is called lioness?? This deserved someone better trained like Gina Carano who has the correct physic and none of the woke attitude taking place here.If people want an unrealistic and unbelievable action story please watch Wonder Woman which even with its flaws is far more entertaining and believable than this intelligence insulting trash.","rating":"1\/10","date":"22 April 2024"}
{"title":"Good, Bad, and Ugly","review":"So the first episode draws you in with its fast pace, action, and drama. It doesn't take long before it goes down hill from there. The good is it tackles some real life political and moral issues on the war on terror and those who are trying to keep us safe. The acting is done really well and the cinematography is good. The bad, the action is few and far between, and the drama of people's lives gets in the way of the story. The drama isn't bad and it's well acted but reviewers have reason to say they're upset. The show comes across as a Jack Ryan action show but is more about the drama of raising a family, being undercover, and dealing with it all while waiting for your mission. The ugly, the Lioness has her asset tortured by American servicemen to see her breaking point. This will have you screaming, \"what?!\" Torture is bad, especially on your own citizens. How can you even trust someone or a country that feels torture on you is okay? The Boy Scout in me couldn't stand how terrible the people are in this show. The doctor should have left his terrible wife long ago. She neglects him and her children, but it's for America so the show tries to justify it. She tortures American soldiers but she needs to know when they'll break, so it's okay. She allows her team to help a CIA operative to kidnap a man in police custody because it's for America. And if the Sheriff or cops pull guns on her team, what then? The show will have you questioning, \"are you going to kill cops to protect your asset?\" The situational ethics is why this show is terrible. This was a common theme with Jack Bauer in 24. The need to do something terrible for the greater good. Life is not black and white. The binary thinking that there's only one way to do things and it's the wrong way is why cops justify police brutality, politicians lie, and whole world is morally corrupt. This is not to say the guy that needs to be killed doesn't need to be killed, but how you do it and why you do it, says everything about who we are. The show doesn't capture Jack Ryan's action and fast pace, and it's hard to like any of the characters. There is too much needless drama, from date rape, to breaking and entering, to lesbians, a lot of family drama, to torture, etc. That it will leave you wondering what happened to the show you started to watch. This show is the show for you if you love almost no action, America is always right, the end always justifies the means, there's not enough family drama in action shows, and you like terrible people that are completely unlikable.","rating":"5\/10","date":"12 January 2024"}
