{"title":"Without a doubt, the funniest, touchingly humanistic US sitcom.","review":"Frasier has a witty, ironic, heart-warming and occasionally self-deprecating humour. Kelsey Grammar's portrayal of the generous, bordering on vain Frasier Crane is brilliant and it is always funny when his gleefully executed pretensions are shot down by the other characters, especially his father and Roz. I think that the humour of the show would be non-existent without well thought out dialogue exchanges between each character. Each character has a depth to them so that you never feel like they're just present within the show as merely a form of comic relief. That said, there are some hilarious side characters, such as Bebe Glazer, who add a little anarchy to the social dynamic of the show and serve to test Frasier's character.As a result, you have a show strikes a very good and thoughtful balance between comedy, drama and the always interesting and emotive character development throughout the show. For example, Frasier's relationship between his father, Niles and Daphne, Frasier and Roz, Frasier and Niles and so on. All these characters and the way they interact are very thoughtfully written and the comedy never feels contrived. They just bounce off and the way they react to one another forms the perfect chemistry for comedy and drama that any good show needs.The character of Frasier is complex. He is a romantic who often over-analyses the relationships he's in, only to get disappointed when things don't work out as he had idealised (something I think is quite common). Although he often helps others, he does so because he craves attention from others. At his worst, he comes off as snobby and self-absorbed, particularly in the beginning of the show. At his best, he is very giving. I think that the other characters that come into his life brings the latter out in him and softens the self-absorbed side of his personality, making him a better person throughout the show. This character dynamic is similar to the way his brother Nile's character develops throughout the series, as well as their father.As a result, the show is very much centred on people, on the importance of family, friends and helping others. I think the show does a stellar job at demonstrating that it is worth confronting and overcoming the many challenges that emerge out of forming relationships with people. If you are ever a bit miserable you can guarantee that Frasier's cast of characters will provide you with some much needed mirth, entertainment and maybe restore a little bit of faith in your fellow human.","rating":"9\/10","date":"18 October 2018"}
{"title":"The best comedy spin-off you'll ever see.","review":"Normally spin-offs of any kind usually leads to huge disappointment even if the original show wasn't that good. But i'd go as far to say not only is Frasier great, I would say it's better than Cheers and Cheers was a great show itself. As cliche as the comment is, it is the most intelligent sitcom i've ever stumbled upon. It fills me with joy that this show emerged in the early 90s, I don't think the brand of humour would still be as accessible for the mainstream audience of today. Even though part of the brilliance is that you really don't have to be cultured nor talked down to, to understand it. That's largely down to such a solid cast and writers, their professional lives might not be relatable but the characters and what they experience through the series is very relatable. If all else fails i'd watch it just to listen to Kelsey Grammer, he could sing about salad and eggs and i'd still be drawn in by that mans voice.","rating":"9\/10","date":"27 February 2020"}
{"title":"Classy comedy from beginning to end","review":"When Kelsey Grammar first introduced himself to Sam Malone as psychiatrist Frasier Crane on \"Cheers\" back in 1984, who would have believed that this television character would tie James Arness' Matt Dillon at twenty years of playing the same TV character? \"Frasier\" could hardly be called a sequel to \"Cheers\", though, in spite of guest appearances by alumni of that show that appeared pretty regularly in the early years. Frasier's new job on a radio show combined with his neurotic family and friends were a perfect setting for Frasier's trademark sarcasm and biting wit. The show seemed to lose a little steam around the time that Niles' pining away for Daphne actually became a relationship at the end of season seven through the middle of season eight, but the show could have perhaps overcome that had it not been for the tragic death of David Angell on September 11, 2001. Angell was the mastermind behind some of the funnier episodes of \"Cheers\", the creator of the series \"Wings\", and he was the creative force behind \"Frasier\". It just seemed like the show ran out of steam for a couple of seasons after Angell's death, but then came roaring back in its eleventh and final season. That's not to say that seasons nine and ten were bad seasons by network TV standards, they just weren't up to my expectation levels considering how funny and creative the show had been over past years. \"Seinfeld\" and \"Friends\" got more press and had a bigger fan base during the 90's, but Frasier consistently delivered the laughs over the years with a refined and elegant style of humor.Finally I also have to say that I personally loved the character of Eddie from the moment he was introduced on the show after it was decided Martin, Frasier's dad, would be moving in with him. Frasier and Martin are having words over Eddie's presence because Frasier claims \"Eddie stares at me\". Expecting Eddie to be some older male acquaintance, in the next scene I was quite surprised to see Frasier being stared at by Eddie - Martin's Jack Russell terrier. The little dog had a personality of his own and just wasn't window dressing in the series, having a major impact in more than a few episodes and getting more fan mail than any other character on the show. I don't think anyone could call \"Frasier\" groundbreaking, but I think its humor will stand the test of time and it did manage to deliver the laughs and the heart creatively and intelligently for eleven seasons, which is a pretty big accomplishment.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 December 2011"}
{"title":"Frasier has saved my life","review":"When I first immigrated to Canada I was living in a bachelor apartment which was too small for...well everything. The only entertainment I had was my little TV (small TV for a small apt). This show literally saved me from killing myself. If it wasn't for this show, I would have probably jumped out the balcony or something. Every time I came home in the evening from a fruitless job search, I would turn on the TV and started watching Frasier 2-3 hours straight. And all the situations portrayed in the show with an optimistic look on life really helped me a lot. Frasier became my TV psychologist.This is an awesome show with very intelligent dialogs and conversations. The show begins with Frasier moving to Seattle from Boston (this character is originally from Cheers). He takes a job at a radio station as a radio psychologist. He is over-intellectual, over-refined, witty, sarcastic and a little snobby..but in a delightful way. However, he is still awkward with women, sometimes with his relation with his father and others. After all, he is a human being too. His brother Niles Crane is just like his older brother (maybe a higher IQ, was it 4 points higher??), only more neurotic and probably more insecure with women. Niles character was initially meant to be just a secondary character but as the show developed, his character became very essential. The situations that arise from his untold love for Daphne (Martin\/Frasier's father's physical therapist) are just hilarious. Roz Doyle, Frasier's producer, is another important character who loves men just a little too much. But she is more complicated than just a simple fool-for-men character (wonderfully portrayed by Peri Gilpin). Martin Crane is probably the most rational, most practical of all and it is a wonder how Frasier and Niles fell so far away from the tree in that department. Daphne Moon, love object of Niles Crane, is a delightful young woman from Manchester, UK who lives in the same house and is practically a member of the Crane family. Although just a dog, Eddie is a very important part of the show. Eddie is so lovable and probably the best company of Martin Crane. There are so many other notable characters, such as Bulldog (a womanizer with sports-dude attitude), Maris, Niles' wife, who doesn't appear in the show at all but the jokes about her are enough to count her in as an essential character, and Frasier's ex-wife and son.Overall, Frasier is an unforgettable comedy sitcom that has been superbly successful for 10 years and received many awards. And if I am not mistaken, Kelsey Grammar (Frasier) has the record as the actor who portrayed the same character in TV series for more than 20 years (Cheers and Frasier). I own the entire DVD box-set collection and recommend it to everyone who enjoys intelligent comedy.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 October 2006"}
{"title":"A Wonderful Sitcom","review":"It may have started life as a hopeful spin-off from 'Cheers', but right from the very first episodes, 'Frasier' proved that it had enough style and substance of its own to become a TV legend. Granted, it went on for a couple of seasons too many, and toward the end was clearly starting to suffer from a lack of fresh ideas, but for the most part this was a hilarious, insightful and often very moving programme that my Friday nights throughout the late 90s just wouldn't have been complete without. After so many years of viewing, Frasier, Niles, Martin, Daphne, Roz and Eddie feel like more than just TV characters - they're like your very own neighbours, or even great friends.Indeed, 'Frasier' worked so well throughout most of its run not just because of the sharp, intelligent scripting, but also due to the sheer depth of its central characters and the ongoing focus on their relationships with each other. The characterisation here was always so rich and meaningful, taking us right from Dr Frasier Crane himself, the highbrow, slightly arrogant but good-natured radio shrink, to his more laidback everyman father Martin (a retired police officer now living with his son), and prissy younger brother Niles, a fellow psychiatrist who fits two slots as both Frasier's best friend and his mortal enemy! A lot of the episodes revolved around their family troubles and clashes of interest, but were handled in a very meticulous way, and the morals always felt smooth and genuine. Though rarely quite able to see eye-to-eye with each other, you got a good sense over the course of the series that the Crane men were gradually learning to bond and grow closer together, in spite of their differences. And that's one of the aspects of 'Frasier' that roped me in head and shoulders above its other contemporary sitcoms - it was never afraid to mix heart and poignancy with its laugh-out-loud hilarity. Episodes like 'Martin does it his way', 'Our Father whose Art Ain't in Heaven' and 'Roz's Krantz and Gouldenstein are Dead' are classic examples.Daphne Moon, Martin's amiable English physiotherapist, and Roz Doyle, Frasier's sassy producer, were also great characters who added their own unique streaks of humour and personality to the format. Even Maris, a personage who was never seen but talked about at many an ingenious moment, managed to make her mark - it's to the credit of those wily scriptwriters that they could always have you feeling her presence solely on the word-of-mouth of other characters. On the side, any episode featuring Bebe, Frasier's positively demonic agent, can almost guarantee a laugh-riot - she was utterly hilarious, and there was never another semi-regular character quite like her.In terms of acting quality, the central cast was always strong, particularly Kelsey Grammar, at his utmost prime not just in fulfilling the role of our protagonist, but also in singing 'Tossed Salad and Scrambled Eggs' over the end-credits of every episode (who knew what those words were supposed to mean, but it was a great theme song! I still catch myself humming it from time to time).I'll also come clean with my unswerving admiration for Moose, the canine performer who rounded off the Crane household in the role of Eddie, Martin's Jack Russell, for most of the series (before retiring and being replaced by his offspring Enzo for the final fifth). Seriously, he's got to be the most talented animal actor since that cat who played Tao in 'The Incredible Journey'. Those various antics of his amounted to a lot more than just a few dumb pet tricks to secure easy \"aww\" reactions from the audience - Eddie had easily as much personality as any of the human ensemble, a subtle and canny little dog who's good at getting what he wants and working his way round the no-nonsense Frasier.As you've probably guessed by now, I loved this show and its cast of characters dearly, and was sorry to see it go in 2004, but at the same time I was pretty much aware that it had run its course. They were starting to rehash older concepts, like Frasier losing Martin's chair, which is always a bad sign. Also, too many OTT British accents from non-British guest actors had a few of us clenching our teeth this side of the Atlantic (Anthony LaPaglia, I'm looking mainly in your direction here!). But I digress, because the general history of this sitcom was just fantastic. Even if the latter-day episodes were a little weaker than the previous instalments, it's the truly great material that, in the end, really stays with you. And throughout the years there was so, so much of it.Mark my words - this show is all set in time to go down as the classic US sitcom of the 90s. 'Friends' may have gotten the greater media coverage when it left its own building in the same year, but 'Frasier' will always be the superior show.Grade: A","rating":"","date":"18 January 2005"}
{"title":"Brilliant!!","review":"Isn't it refreshing for a TV sitcom not to talk down to its audience but to credit the viewer with some intelligence? Frasier is just about the best written sitcom of all time in my opinion. The performances of even the smallest of characters are always of the highest standard. I have watched Frasier episodes over and over again through the years and always find something fresh in them. Whether it is a line I missed or some small physical movement there is always something to savour and to make me laugh again. I know most of the lines off by heart now, but the delivery of those lines is so perfect that I laugh often more than the first time. How Seinfeld got all the plaudits escapes me when Frasier is far superior in every respect. The writers, cast and crew must be so proud of their achievement in bringing this superlative piece of work to the screen.It is sadly missed - though still to be seen in daytime reruns.And I do watch it over and over. Even the episodes I think were not up to scratch bear watching again and are always better than I remember them. I bought the entire series in a boxed set but have never watched it because ti still appears on British TV. If you do not find it funny you have no sense of humour. Genius writers and superlative performances make this unmissable.","rating":"10\/10","date":"28 January 2011"}
{"title":"Best lines ever","review":"I have not seen any TV show that made me laugh that hard ever - smart and funny and unique, the crane Brothers are absolutely amazing and this show is absolutely one of the best ever created","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 June 2019"}
{"title":"I'm Listening!","review":"What an amazing series this was. One of the best comedy series ever produced, excellent actors, writers and directors. It is unusual to say this but there are no flaws with this wonderful comedy. It still makes me laugh after watching it several times. Perfectly developed characters make this stand out from many other comedy series.","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 November 2019"}
{"title":"The best TV sitcom ever","review":"Whilst a good fan of \"Cheers\", I was somewhat surprised when it was announced that the Frasier character was getting s spin-off series. I did not see how this was going to work and had rather low expectations for both the show and how long it would last. A decade later and \"Frasier\" turned out to be simply the best TV sitcom ever made. Virtually unique in concept and presentation, there has been hardly a dud episode in the show and the cast has proved to be one of the best ever assembled for any TV show, certainly in the United States. I doubt that this show will ever be surpassed on mainstream US TV and it would be hard to imagine life without \"Frasier\" either on TV or on DVD. Repeated viewings remain as enjoyable as the first time viewing on TV. Simply the very best.","rating":"10\/10","date":"29 October 2006"}
{"title":"Good To The Last Frame","review":"In a nutshell, the best TV comedy ever. Seriously. Here's why.CHARACTERS: Dr. Frasier Crane and his brother, Dr. Niles Crane, are a couple of annoyingly (and hilariously) highbrow, snobby psychiatrists. They are both out of touch with the regular Joes and Janes and hide their insecurity behind the well-educated, well-read fa\u00e7ade. Or, you can call them hopelessly geeky. Their father, Martin, is a down-to-earth retired policeman who, like many older men his age, has trouble expressing his affection and emotions but has plenty to say when it comes to his sons' shortcomings. Oh, by the way, he and his dog, Eddie, move in with Frasier by the end of the first episode. Daphne Moon is Marty's live-in physical therapist who is a \"bit psychic.\" Niles is married to an heiress but gets infatuated the moment he lays his eyes on Daphne. In addition to this dysfunctional family, that sure could use some psychiatric help, there are Frasier's colleagues at KACL radio. Roz Doyle has street smarts, and her love life can make Don Juan\/Giovanni proud! Bulldog is rude, crude and loves humiliating Frasier. Gil Chesterton\u0085 Well, is he, or isn't he\u0085.?ACTORS: Individually and as a whole, the cast is impeccable. The chemistry among the actors and the characters is real. I read it somewhere that, when Kelsey Grammar's substance abuse became apparent during the show's eleven-year run, the rest of the cast paid a visit to his residence one night as concerned friends, not to confront him but to urge him to seek help. These actors are mostly middle-aged stage or film veterans. They may not be young sex kittens or stud muffins, but their acting skills make up for their average looks and then some.SCRIPTS: No praise seems good enough for Frasier's scripts and the writers. Who needs a pretty face when the scripts are so crisp, sharp, witty, intelligent and often naughty. Retorts and double-entendres between Frasier and Niles come at you so fast, so often. They constantly refer to literature, performing arts, history, mythology, gourmet dining, what have you, so you may not have the slightest idea what the heck they are talking about at one point or another but still be able to laugh. Good scripts do that to you.EDDIE: Okay, it's Eddie played by Moose. Jack Russells are known for their intelligence, but Moose must have been an exceptionally bright pup. Among the cast, he was the one with good looks and brains. Towards the end of the series, Moose's son, Enzo, replaced him, but it wasn't the same without Moose.CALLERS: You wouldn't believe how many famous film actors rendered their voices as callers at the KACL station. Christopher Reeves, Linda Hamilton, Matthew Broderick, John Cusack\u0085 The list goes on. If you write well, they will come.TITLES: For those who are not familiar with Frasier, each scene in every episode has a short title shown briefly on the black background. You can find jokes anywhere you look while watching Frasier. For movie buffs, there are such titles as 'My Coffee with Niles,\" \"Three Days of the Condo,\" \"Out and In,\" \"A Room with Four Views (with a Rashomonesque story--only funnier)\" and \"To Kill a Talking Bird\" for starters. Since I'm a Mozart fan, I have to mention \"Cosi Fan Tushy\" as well.END CREDIT: After each episode, the audience gets to enjoy watching a short video clip during the credit roll at the end. There are no dialogues, but the video clip is an extension of the episode you just saw, so there's no need for dialogues. When you watch Frasier, it ain't over until the final fade-to-black.BONUS: Frasier and Niles' favorite meeting place is called Caf\u00e9 Nervosa! Details, details, details.EXTRA BONUS: In the last episode of Season 5, the owner of KACL decides to change the station format to all-salsa, and the staff, including Frasier, subsequently lose their jobs. During the last credit roll where Frasier is seen carrying his personal effects in the background as a new Latino DJ occupies Frasier's booth, we hear salsa music. But pay close attention to the lyric of the music--it's the Spanish translation of the little ditty Frasier\/ Kelsey Grammar sings at the end of each episode!","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 August 2008"}
{"title":"Intelligent and funny","review":"Frasier is witty, intelligent and clean humour. Hard not to love this show, humour is top class. The cast hit it out of the park in this great sitcom and is highly recommended to anyone who enjoys some good intelligent humour. 7.5\/10","rating":"7\/10","date":"9 November 2019"}
{"title":"This show, not Seinfeld, is the best comedy of the '90's","review":"That being said it's all a matter of opinion, of course, & I also think Seinfeld is a fine show, but for me nothing can touch Frasier. Both Seinfeld & Friends were more popular shows in that decade, ratings wise, but come awards season they probably dreaded having to go up against this marvel.Not that that alone makes Frasier better in my eyes. I don't even necessarily think it should have won 5 consecutive best comedy Emmy's (the love could have been spread around)but the acting & writing made me keep tuning in without fail. I loved Grammar on Cheers & when I heard Frasier Crane would get his own spin off I was ecstatic, if also a bit worried. I was afraid they would water the character down somehow, or that as good as Grammar was on Cheers he couldn't be a lead - how I love to be wrong! Grammar could not only be a lead, I would easily rank him as one of the best actor's of the '90's (drama or comedy). The other masterstroke was to have such a talented ensemble surround him. The brilliant timing & chemistry between them all was evident from the 1st episode.Speaking of that, watch just the first episode of the series again if you think I'm overdoing it a bit.I watch a lot of comedies & I don't know of another that from episode 1 hit the ground running in such a tremendous way. Not even great comedies like MTM, MASH, Taxi, or Seinfeld grabbed you in such a way to make you think you were watching greatness happen. From the performances to the writing (watch how they made Frasier's backstory clear, to why he was now in Seattle, to his less than harmonious relationship with his father & brother)to just being plain funny & heartfelt (the argument Frasier has with Martin, his dad, that could have damaged thing's between them permanently to the wonderful way Martin apologizes).A few last words - the other thing the producers of this show did brilliantly was cast David Hyde Pierce. His Niles simply is one of the best creations ever, right up there with Ed Asner's Lou Grant & Danny Devito's Louie DePalma. Although I said they could spread the love around a bit with the best comedy series Emmy, I actually would have been OK with DHP winning not just 4 awards as best supp. actor, but 11 of them, 1 every year. He is that good that there is at least 1 episode in every season that is Emmy worthy. Seriously.I was sad to this fine program go, but I own all 11 seasons on DVD & randomly stick a disc in to watch when I need a boost or just to witness fine comedy of the like I'm afraid may not get made again.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 April 2009"}
{"title":"Brilliant...for seven years","review":"'Frasier' not only is one of the best spin-off's of all time but also one of the best sitcoms ever.The first seven seasons of this show are as good as sharp, intelligent comedy and be. The central cast (headed by Kelsey Grammar reprising his 'Cheers' role spark so well of each other and the writing at times is great, combining pathos and farce with equal measure.But like many a good sitcom before it there was a dip in quality, starting around the season 8 mark. There is a lot of debate around 'Frasier' fans as to when this dip ended and the show regained its momentum, but for me it never matched the heights of the first seven years.But what a great seven year period it was!","rating":"6\/10","date":"28 March 2016"}
{"title":"The best part of this show was the title card.","review":"264 episodes, about 30 good ones. Most of the series is like watching a demolition derby. Everyone tries to make themselves feel better by attacking everyone else.If my brother kept accusing me of undermining his career, hurling insults at my best friend, and staying in a loveless marriage while drooling all over my maid, I'd not only tell him he needs his head examined, he should have it removed first.The only character I consistently liked was Eddie, the dog. He should have gotten his own show. -------- I have nothing more to say about the show. This text is just here to meet the 10 line requirement. Really. Nothing more to see here. Move on now, OK?","rating":"3\/10","date":"24 May 2016"}
{"title":"Why can't all TV shows be as intelligent as this?","review":"I love this TV show, and I try to watch it as much as possible!  The humor is intelligent unlike some TV shows that have humor that is stupid and immature and predictable.  You just have to laugh at all the situations that Niles and Frasier get into that could have been prevented in the first place if they weren't so concerned with appearances, hence the episode when they wanted to see that actor's final stage performance but couldn't because they would not get cancellation tickets! Jane Leeves' Daphne Moon is a wonderful character; she tries to offer words of advice to the Crane family that are sadly ignored most of the time. Martin is funny as the dad who is clueless as to reasons why his sons won't embrace the ordinary life(and I want a chair as comfy as his).  I like how Kelsey Grammer and David Hyde Pierce showcase their musical talents on the show(and I can tell that isn't fake piano playing) quite often.Roz is delicious, and you have to laugh at her dysfunctionally romantic life.  I enjoy watching Bebe Glazer when she comes on, Lilith is a roll-over when she makes her presence, and of course, Bulldog and his stupid and immature attitude. Watch this show!  You'll get a good laugh!","rating":"","date":"8 February 2002"}
{"title":"One of my favorite shows now after watching it on Netflix","review":"I always wondered for a while what the show Frasier is like and I saw that it was on Netflix and I decided to watch the first episode and go from there to see if I really liked it.Now I am almost done watching season 3 since I watched the first episode and it is such a funny show to watch and it's a show where people can really connect to.Kelsey Grammar does such a great job at bringing heart and soul to the character Frasier Crane who helps out people on his radio talk show.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 July 2017"}
{"title":"Timeless","review":"I love this show, after revisiting it several times I can just listen to it on my headphones without even watching it and still have a great laugh, that's how eloquent I find this comedy show. Much appreciated.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 August 2020"}
{"title":"This Show is a Rare Gem","review":"There's a big problem with most sitcoms in that they age like a bad curry. Years later they're just not that funny anymore and they feel somehow forced and unfunny. And it could have been a sitcom that you loved watching week after week. But when you try to revisit it, it's not the same and you might watch an episode or two but in the end you just leave it as a relic of it's time.Frasier is not one of those shows. It's aged like a fine wine and just as funny today as it was when it first came out. The writing still feels sharp, the acting is still on point and while it's been off the air for almost 15 years you could almost feel like it's happening right now.Sure there were bits that were a little forced like when they hid Jane Leeve's pregnancy. And part of the magic that was Niles always mooning after Daphne took a hit when they finally started dating and got married but David Hyde Pierce still managed to pull off a terrific character as Niles the compulsive and overly fastidious brother to Frasier.But like all good things they knew to pack it in eventually and they still left on a high note. Very few other sitcoms can claim this.","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 April 2018"}
{"title":"Gem in the world of Sitcoms","review":"I started watching it around 2010 when someone suggested it. I had finished other popular Sitcoms like Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, Friends and How I Met your Mother and wanted to watch something new.I was hooked after watching couple of episodes and loved the characters. The sarcasm is really great. The way the intellectual Crane boys interact with regular characters (Daphne, Martin and Roz) is awesome. The other characters specially Eddie and Bulldog also leave a strong impression.Re-watching again in 2017.","rating":"9\/10","date":"4 July 2017"}
{"title":"Just the Best !!","review":"Always a guaranteed laugh, with French-farce comedy situations and richly drawn supporting characters as Frasier tries to look for love in Seattle while working as a radio psychiatrist. Magnificent comedy of the highest order. Nothing has come even close to it's quality. If you've never seen it, do yourself a favour and watch it !","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 October 2019"}
{"title":"Possibly the only sitcom worthy of a 10!","review":"I watched this series on and off when it originally aired, then binge watched the entire series a few years ago. I am now occasionally watching reruns and as good as it is the first time, it almost seems better with each new viewing! The writing is so clever that you really have to make sure you hear, and see, EVERYTHING to appreciate all the details that went into this show! Unlike many series, there is no \"jump the shark\" episode, or even a decrease in quality during the last years. The series also seems to defy appearing dated because whether intentional or not, there don't appear to be markers of the time period of the original airing. I would like to meet someone who doesn't like this show because I can't think of any good reason not to.","rating":"10\/10","date":"26 October 2021"}
{"title":"A cozy half an hour every now and then","review":"Frasier is one of those sitcoms that makes you laugh cordially every now and then and will make sure you feel comfortable and cozy in your favorite chair for half an hour a week.You don't have to dwell in angst and sentimentality(which can be a relief sometimes as we all know,still the humor is intelligent),nothing too startling is likely to happen,you just feel warm and happy inside for most of the time.Ideal when you're tired and worn after a hard day. It's a very decent sitcom without too conservative and\/or boring ideals.People have their flaws and they are sometimes lonely and desperate like we all are at some point in life.Frasier's amicable,hearty dad Martin and their home-help Daphne with her lovely British accent adds even more warmth and they contrast to the somewhat stiff and self-absorbed psychiatrist\/radio show host Frasier and his brother Niles,both very preoccupied with their social status. Frasier's sharp-witted producer Roz(my favorite) is something of a man-eater and has problems with finding Mr Right in her life.Still,she's a fun character with sharp lines. Frasier is as you all know a Cheers spin-off.I have never seen a lot of Cheers,just some random episodes that can be counted on the fingers on my hand,still I think I can tell Frasier is more enjoyable.","rating":"7\/10","date":"10 September 2006"}
{"title":"The BEST comedy sitcom ever!","review":"My husband bought the whole 11 years of Fraiser and we love this show more than anything else. We've watched the whole thing over and over and still laugh out loud at all the antics. The talents they brought on to the show were of excellent caliber. One of my favorites was with Ted Danson and Tia Leoni. Yet all episodes were solid, wonderfully funny, and of course we LOVE Eddie. Kelsey, you are a genius at humor and even poking fun at yourself. you deserved to have your own series because you brought so much laughter to so many people. You deserve a 10 all the way through. Thank you for your talent.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 March 2020"}
{"title":"Good show, but sometimes a bit pretentious","review":"Frasier is an example that sometimes spin-off series are just as good as their counterpart, as well as competing shows. It's common knowledge that this series is a spin-off to Cheers, a show which I personally feel is superior in the humor department. Frasier is still good enough on its own, even if the watcher knows nothing about Cheers going in, since the show has little connection to the previous series, aside from a few reunion episodes and nods here and there.The show kicks off when Frasier Crane moves from Boston, leaving behind his wife and son, to Seattle to stay with his brother and retired father while working as a hotshot radio psychologist. Decent enough premise, if a little selfish on Frasier's part, and a lot of the humor comes from the \"Odd Couple\" styled characterizations, between the Crane brothers' pompous and sometimes outright snobby attitudes and their father's down- to-earth and blue collar personality clashing.As I said, the humor is a little less than Cheers, due to the more high class and sophisticated air that the series tries and achieves to portray. As such, there are a few jokes here and there that will fly over your head if you're not the most knowledgeable on college-level literature and theater.That said, there's still plenty of regular humor and typical sitcom misunderstandings which bring on the laughter, like an episode where everyone thinks that Frasier's old friend (Played by Patrick Stewart) is a gay lover, or a humiliation conga that Niles endures in the beginning of one episode, where not one bit of dialogue is uttered and it's all capped off with some classical music.The last couple of seasons took a nose dive, but the ending was a perfect way to cap off the series. All in all, Frasier deserved the acclaim it got in the 90s, and provided a good escape to those who wanted some more intelligent humor compared to other staples of the time like Friends or Seinfeld. It's not my personal favorite sitcom, but I can respect the impact it made and once again, proof that spin-offs don't always suck.","rating":"6\/10","date":"12 July 2014"}
{"title":"Pretentious and annoying","review":"I hate Frasier. It is without a doubt the most annoying sitcom ever made. It is proof that a spin off series can never work. Cheers was good and didn't deserve to have Frasier besmirch its memory.I hate it when American sitcoms show characters who have such an easy life. I know sitcoms don't have to be ultra realistic, but come on, no one is like Frasier or Niles.And what the hell is up with Daphne? I've been to Manchester and no Mancunian sounds like her. And she is nothing like any English person who ever lived.The only good character is Eddie the dog. He should have had a series to himself.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 April 2008"}
{"title":"Saturday night would be nothing without this","review":"Simply one of the best sitcoms on tv ever! This series has a very good cast and script writers. I recommend  this to everyone who likes intelligent comedies. Many of the sitcoms on tv are poor but this one really shines. Saturday nights wouldn\u00b4t be Saturday nights without it.","rating":"","date":"3 April 2000"}
{"title":"Amid a sea of dross, Frasier stands out","review":"What can I add to the many positive reviews here of the Frasier series? I would watch \"Cheers\" if I happened to be at home when it was shown, but it was never a priority in my life, although I did think it was among the best TV sitcoms.However, since being introduced to Frasier a decade ago I find it still, after many many viewings, a \"must see\".One of the most interesting aspects of the series is watching the way the writers and actors round out the characters. The very first episodes, where Frasier and Niles argue about who is to get the booby prize and therefore have Martin move in, are amusing. Martin himself starts out as a really cantankerous man, Daphne is introduced as a whacky Mancunian (but without a genuine Mancunian accent)and the initial impression is of a new sitcom trying to find a theme and not really succeeding.However, when you get to see these early episodes again and again, you can see the way the parts quickly meld into the whole, the individuals start to interact and everything lifts off into almost certainly the best sitcom ever written.The mainstay characters Frasier, Martin, Niles, Daphne, Ros, Maris and Eddie become real people, so that part of the joy of watching them and their development is the frisson you get when you know how they will react to some situation, and that almost tangible interaction this creates between the writers and the TV audience. Some characters are written out - Chopper Dave is an example - and some become casual appearances like Bebe, but all have believable and recognisable behaviours. The casual viewer may well miss many of the asides, the running gags and the double meanings of many of the inserted titles, but this makes it all the more enjoyable for the addicted.There has never been a series so well written, constructed and acted in the history of TV comedy, in my opinion.The setting-it-all-up episodes (probably the first three or four) are at times a little uncomfortable but then the characters have become fully rounded and taken on a life of their own and the series becomes self-sustaining. The apogee probably occurs in the second third: when the unrequited love affair between Niles and the uncomprehending Daphne comes out into the open one of the mainstays of the comedic tension is diminished, and something is lost. However the scripts do then go on to explore other aspects of the Crane mindset, albeit perhaps a little less effectively.Frasier is sometimes compared with Seinfeld. I cannot watch the latter, which to me epitomises some of the worst aspects of American sitcom shows: the one-liners, the bongy-bongy-BONG musical underlining of each crack as if to tell the canned laughter machine \"this is where you laugh\".Frasier is outstanding, and I can watch each one time and time again. Can you say that about many shows?","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 December 2009"}
{"title":"Sitcom with heart in its right place","review":"I came across \"Frasier\" very late but thanks to Netflix. It is one of the best sitcoms I have ever seen. The writing and acting is fabulous. My favorite are Martin and Niles Crane. The father-son relation, brother-brother relation in a kind of dysfunctional at that point family is so beautifully and delicately portrayed combined with humor. The acting of the main cast and radio station employees is awesome.\nI felt Frasier's romantic life track seemed repetitive and little boring. Sometimes his character goes over the top. The series need not have stretched that long. Some episodes are not effective, mostly in later seasons. Overall this can be overlooked. It's a must watch series.","rating":"8\/10","date":"17 October 2019"}
{"title":"Simply excellent writing and Acting!","review":"Ironically, when I am among friends and profess to loving Frasier, I am considered some kind of an egg head.I Genuinely struggle to understand this mind set!. The usual reaction is, Did you understand it?.Of course I did!, it was slightly high brow, but let's be honest, It was not Rocket Science!.It was however, pure comedy at it's very best!.I was one of these folk who found it a blast, to say the very least.The actors and their characters were made for the TV of the time. This is beyond doubt, the greatest modern day comedy of our time.I initially, became worried that it may be a Cheers like comedy, reliant almost completely on the one, Sam like character, . It was!.BUT, unlike Cheers, Dr. Frasier Crane was not a failing Womanizer, but rather an extremely funny, highly educated man, who like most of us, struggled when it came to the ladies.In my humble opinion, this was exactly what made Frasier such a great success!.Needless to say, the cast of support actors was truly inspired, his Brother Niles added so much value to the series, especially when he became infatuated with his Father's beautiful English carer, Daphnie!..His and Frasier's Father was such a wonderful concept, this plain, everyday former Cop character, was literally inspired!.It made a great comedy series, truly exceptional!. I recall my own Father comment on Frasier and Niles, as being any Fathers two greatest regrets!.A couple of days later, I happen to drop in on my Mother & Father, only to find my Father sitting watching Frasier, with tears of laughter in his eyes!.That very day, I realised just how great, even historic a comedy series Frasier was, and just how successful it would be & how far it would go.It managed somehow, to cover three generations of viewers, with excellent acting and possibly, the best comedy script ever written!.Even today, I find myself watching reruns of Fraiser on UK TV. I do so, longing for the company of my Father and also the generations which followed my own, who even today, as young adults, always manage to accidentally get home in time to watch Frasier.Top class script, Top Actors and Absolute family enjoyment!. What more could one ask for?","rating":"10\/10","date":"31 March 2022"}
{"title":"Probably my Favourite sitcom","review":"Cheers was great... Frasier... just slightly better imo. Its funny, quirky, smart and sophisticated but it shows that no matter how pompous people can be, they still have plenty of flaws and failings like everyone else. The ensemble of british and american humour and the clashes of personality between 2 upper class \"elites\" and an ex retired cop make for some extremely hilarious situations as well as touching on some very serious issues. The perfect show.","rating":"10\/10","date":"28 December 2021"}
{"title":"Great Binge for Forgetting Covid for a While!","review":"I retired just before Covid and was looking forward to traveling and going to all the live sporting events I could! I had to settle for staying home and binging TV.I never watched Frasier when it first aired. I decided to give the first season a look-see. Well I have to tell you ... it was great! The seasons went by and kept getting better and better! The cast, the supporting cast, the writing, the production and the storyline was fantastic.As I watched I became invested in the characters and was sad as I approached the last few shows of the series. I was never a guy to watch sitcoms but I was more than thrilled I invested my binge-time in Frasier.\nKelsey Grammer, David Hyde Pierce and the late John Mahoney were perfect in their roles and so enjoyable to watch. Their acting was flawless and off the charts good!So as a retired police officer passing my time till the pandemic is done, I was glad that Frasier made me forget about the world for a little while. Well done!","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 December 2020"}
{"title":"A Salute to Niles: David Hyde Pierce 'Channels' Tony Randall","review":"However the character of Niles is 'stretched' through almost a decade of seasons he never loses his 'comic shape'. This is indeed the most deftly executed comic persona in the whole 'Frasier' clan (Eddie is in a class by himself). Kelsey Grammar & David Hyde Pierce are a comic pairing reminiscent of classic comedy - Laurel & Hardy inhabited an infantile world of their own as do the Crane boys in their 'fortress' of culture, psychiatry and shared neediness. I never really appreciated David Hyde Pierce till I saw him in the rather bad movie 'Down With Love' which was a mean-spirited spoof of the profoundly un-mean-spirited Rock Hudson-Doris Day movies. The one bright spot in the film was D.H.P. doing an uncanny impression of Tony Randall in similar films. I do believe that someone else must have written his dialogue for that film, it is infinitely superior to the rest of the movie.I have no doubt that David Hyde Pierce is doing Tony Randall in Frasier and doing it even better than Tony Randall.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 October 2017"}
{"title":"Funny show that occasionally falls in a rut","review":"I watched no series TV between \"Twin Peaks\" in 1990 and \"Andy Richter Controls the Universe\" in 2002. So I was delighted, when finding \"Frasier\" in reruns in the 2010s, to see it wasn't half bad.I was afraid at first I'd have to be conversant with \"Cheers,\" which I've never watched to this day. But living through the 1980s left me with enough knowledge to get by. So when Lillith, Frasier's ex-wife, shows up I understand her, having heard friends in the 1980s discussing \"Cheers.\"As a boy in the 1960s I grew up watching comedy shows set on POW camps and western forts and desert islands; comedies featuring genii and witches and talking horses. Fish out of water stories about hillbilly families striking it rich and moving to swanky neighborhoods; fish out of water stories where swanky city slickers move to bizarre country towns . . . In fact, I grew up watching TV comedies that showed imagination. Shows where people drove cars and trucks and tractors. Where they managed funny situations and funny lines without an obsession with sex.People complained about canned laughter but I found it less annoying than live audiences forcing laughter on cue by signals and signs at what might have been a twelfth take. I got quickly tired of comedies run like stage plays where characters have entrances and exits rather than filmed comedies cut like movies. And though only a teen in the 1970s I got sick of the same-ness. Shows about families, some that got along, some that didn't. Some that had lots of kids, some with even more kids. And all the episodes of all the shows pausing just after the 2\/3s mark to demonstrate a moral that never had anything new to say. The only show I watched regularly in the 1980s was \"Newhart,\" a \"Green Acres\" retread but which, stagey though it was, was at least funny--a quality comedy writers had been abandoning for years in favor of high- and ham-handed social commentary.\"Frasier\" was as stagebound and moralistic as any comedy show broadcast since the comedic imagination of the 1960s pooped out. And like the worst of the shows since then, it was just as obsessed with sex (well, Frasier Crane was a Freudian psychologist). And sex is titillating as the lowest common denominator for audiences and provides lots of easy laughs for lazy and unimaginative comedy writers.What's funny about \"Frasier\" is, first, the characters. Frasier Crane is a psychologist on the radio (sometimes wonderfully, sometimes overactingly, portrayed by Kelsey Grammer). His brother, Niles, is a psychologist of a different branch of the discipline who has a weird (never seen) wife. Their father, a crippled ex-cop, hates their hoity-toity ways. The father's strange dog and his live-in physiotherapist, who has \"psychic\" episodes, add to the humor.Frasier and Niles are like real siblings: similar but different; in constant rivalry, but closing shoulders and standing together when outsiders, or their father, threaten one or both. My late brother and I had a similar relationship.Funniest of all are the sometimes insane things their father tells about Frasier and Niles in boyhood (for instance, seeing then gad about with derby hats and umbrellas after they started watching \"The Avengers\"); hearing the nutty things about Niles' off-stage wife; or hearing more of Frasier's or Niles' unnatural tastes. Neither is the sort of person normal people would love hanging with in real life--we've met too many who think their tastes are superior. Who sling around, say, opera terms. Or who claim superiority in wine or musical or artistic knowledge. Who needs them? But both Frasier and Niles make such types laughable, yet endearing.And what other show can claim hosting legendary stage and screen actor Derek Jacobi as a notably bad actor?Nevertheless. . . It might not have been so obvious when \"Frasier\" was first on, but watching it daily I noticed too many episodes where Frasier meets a girl who might have committed to him. Then he agonizes over some penny-ante problem in her or in their relationship and plunges headlong into making a speech about it, running her off. What a nincompoop.Apart from that recurring nightmare, the episodes are usually written well to a high standard (apart from the constant, annoying misuse of \"me\" for \"I\") with enough bizarre twists in some episodes and even more bizarre mentions if something off-stage, to make them funny. Enough. Not as funny as \"Andy Richter Controls the Universe,\" but that show sank like a stone while \"Frasier,\" with a familiar character from \"Cheers\" and appealing to a lower common denominator, stayed afloat through the 1990s.It's worth a peek; but since the humor is nearly all verbal (with, yes, notable exceptions) it can be followed just as well while you're doing other things and not keeping your eyes on it all the time. An especial irritation of mine since the 1970s: television is a visual medium but most comedies tell you what's going on and have little action and lots of talk. It's like visible radio. Whereas shows like \"Green Acres,\" with lots of slapstick, demanded watching. And so did a notorious comedy featuring Barbara Eden, for different reasons. Apart from the silent-movie \"tags\" at the end of each episode, most of \"Frasier\" can be listened to from the next room with little loss.Where is the American \"Mr. Bean\"?","rating":"7\/10","date":"16 July 2022"}
{"title":"Saved my life","review":"So I know what you're thinking...that is a super dramatic thing to say. But for me, It really did save my life. Every episode brings comfort, laughter, and just makes a bad day good. I love this show. It makes you laugh with your belly and brings a smile to your face. Watch this if you haven't already!","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 August 2020"}
{"title":"Two gay men live with their Jewish dad in Seattle.","review":"Of course the biggest joke is that Frasier and Niles are supposed to be straight.The shows were wonderfully repetitive in their story lines and themes, basically Frasier overhears something,misinterprets the situation and acts accordingly. Personally I can't tell whether an episode is from ,say, season 2 rather than season 10. A good joke bears telling more than once and Frasier made us bear it so many times. The cast is excellent.I don't think I've ever seen an American sitcom where the actors had nailed their characters so perfectly (OK - the Honeymooners, but there were giants in those days....) In a sense it's the Golden Girls (plot-3 mature gay men live with their Jewish mother in Florida) in Seattle and none the worse for that","rating":"7\/10","date":"1 December 2006"}
{"title":"Pretentious, pompous and unfunny","review":"Awful. I pretended for years to like this TV tosh just to keep my girlfriend happy. Kelsey Grammer obviously believes he's a stylish, sophisticated cut-above kind of chap who is irresistible to women, both in real life and TV studio. They crowd round him, and he indulges them in eating out in sophisticated restaurants, where they have a \"ma\u00eetre d'\" and \"wine list\". American audiences must love this, but over here in Europe it's just pretentious and awkward. The jokes and dialogue are very predictable, and the canned laughter tiresome. I can also assure everyone in The States that Daphne's British accent is about as convincing as Frasier's comb-over.Still, humour is a very subjective thing, but I'll stick to my Alan Partridge, Sasha Baron-Cohen and The Office. The only good news is that this series isn't being made anymore. Phew!","rating":"2\/10","date":"5 July 2019"}
{"title":"Upper-class, very entertaining and likeable sitcom.","review":"Rather like Friends and Seinfeld, Frasier is one of those sitcoms of the 90's with mass appeal. While it probably isn't as internationally famous as \"Friends\" it is every bit as good as it. Over the years, \"Frasier\" has remained a consistently entertaining and ultimately satisfying sitcom. It always has fresh, witty material and hopefully will continue for another few years. The cast all work perfectly together, the overall effect is very good. \"Frasier\" is one of the best sitcoms on television today.","rating":"","date":"23 February 2003"}
{"title":"Superb,matchless and infinitely rewatchable","review":"High production values, high-caliber writing and an excellent charismatic cast make this show an utter riot.I can't think of another sitcom that I can compare it to.\nFrom the emotionally resonant and grounded characters to the excellent rapport between the actors, and the very sharp well-observed writing, this show had it all, and in spades.David Hyde Pierce's Niles is the funniest and most likable portrayal of neurosis on TV, and John Mahoney's(RIP) inimitable Martin is in a league of his own.Together with the lovably arrogant Frasier(Kelsey Grammer), they form a compelling comedy trio, and the interactions between them and the rest of the cast are a joy to behold.Packed with brilliant physical comedy and reinforced by great comic timing, even the most mundane exchanges tickle the funny bone.All the characters counterbalance each other nicely, and they're depicted with a strain of vulnerability which makes them very relatable.The problem with most sitcoms is that so often the characters are caricatured to such a high degree, which makes them either unlikable or cartoonish.\nNot so with this show.\"Frasier's\" characters are only slightly exaggerated, and always feel real and invested, and the writing of these characters arises naturally from their traits and failings.This in turn also makes for some compelling drama, when it's due.However, the show never takes itself too seriously, and for every somber moment there's always laughter and masterful use of situational irony just behind the corner.Effortlessly blending farce, character-driven humor, drama and romance, \"Frasier\" is one series that has remained entertaining all the way.There's a lot of warmth, wit and positivity in both the acting and the writing which makes this show highly rewatchable for me.While the first seven seasons are strongest, the show stays solid even later on, with season 9 my particular favorite in the later period.The series continues to ground the characters' relationships in the family dynamic even in later seasons which what makes it such compelling viewing.And then, even at its weakest, it managed to stand a head above comparable sitcoms.Overall, an enormously enjoyable show and my absolute favorite of all.\nAn all-time classic.Since there's a shortage of stars in the sky to give this series a rating based on my personal enjoyment, I'd settle for 10.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 April 2019"}
{"title":"Simply outstanding.","review":"Small Spoiler!I like Frasier, i always have and it's always annoyed me that people won't give it a chance because they think it's high-brow and pretentious.First of all the entire concept of the show is based on a long-standing character out of Cheers, i'm sure everyone would agree that even Friends could seem snobby compared to such an every-man sitcom so how can it be so that Frasier is only for \"intellectual\" people?so with that in mind let me dispel some misconceptions about Frasier:It is not snobby or difficult to get into, if you see a random episode with Niles and Frasier talking psychobabble in Armani suits while sipping latte's in a posh coffee shop then i can see why you'd think that. But Frasier is a sitcom that rewards commitment, I've had friends who've hated frasier even though they've only seen little bits, i've sat them down and shown them a few choice episodes and they've completely fallen in love with it and borrowed the DVD's. But back to the coffee suppin' snobs, the recurrent theme of the programme is how utterly ridiculous Niles and Frasier actually are, they live ludicrous lifestyles where they consider themselves to be better than everyone else because they appreciate the \"finer things\" in life. Were it not for the excellent writing and brilliant actors then these 2 would be detestable human beings, but as it is you see them as a source of pity rather than arrogant idiots, they were heavily bullied at school and have both had ridiculously trying marriages with women who made them feel inadequate, not to mention the fact the brothers are insanely competetive with each other.The whole premise of the show isn't 2 people discussing Freud's theories in a coffee shop, Frasier's down to earth ex-policeman father martin got shot and is now unable to live on his own, he and his dog and his hideous green chair have to move in with Frasier, this is the tempo for the first few seasons, frasier and martin and martin's English healthcare worker Daphne Moon.Frasier usually being the aggressor in arguments and constantly being the one who's unreasonable, all the while doling out advice on tolerance and forgiveness at his job at a radio station (the show's longest recurring theme, Frasier being someone who believes himself to be very self aware but in actual fact he's a massive hipocrite) all the while usually being mocked by his free wheeling producer Roz Doyle who thinks that Frasier has no fun.The comedy comes thick and fast at home too with Martin and Daphne pointing out Frasier's ludicrous habits and pretentous tendencies while they all try to get along under the same roof.then there's the 7 series long run of Niles being in love with Daphne and her being miraculously unaware even though his behaviour around her is incredibly goofy and\/or flirtatious.It is true that Frasier and Niles pull every little problem to pieces with intense over-analysis, but far from being boring this just emphasizes the fact that these 2 couldn't possibly exist outside of their perfect little worlds.Not once does the programme take itself too seriously, it's often incredibly touching when Martin and Frasier connect over something as they are 2 radically different people that occasionally ponder if they are even blood related because fraiser and niles are nothing like him but much more like their dead mother, but you are never led to believe that Frasier and Martin don't love each other and Frasier often tells his father that he respects him more than anyone else he's ever met and that his father's integrity has made him the man he is today.as the seasons go on you see Niles and Frasier trying to better theirselves and be less pretentious, everything from fatherhood to relationships gets a look-in through all 11 seasons and Frasier's capacity to sabotage his own relationships is surely second to none.to sum it up i'd say that Frasier is, funny, touching, clever and rewarding, but if you don't understand the premise then you will not enjoy it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 June 2010"}
{"title":"Best Written Comedy of All Time","review":"Frasier's writers and actors proved that a show can be written intelligently, even too intelligently, and still come off hilariously witty and relatable. Frasier, along with Seinfeld and The Golden Girls is one of the best written comedies of all time. Although not present initially, it only took a few episodes for the chemistry between smarty-pants Frasier (Kelsey Grammar) and his on-screen brother Niles (David Hyde Pierce) to develop. What ensued was some of the nerdiest and funniest high-brow dialogue ever performed. Combine that with the painfully delayed romance of Niles and Daphne (Jane Leeves), and you get great entertainment.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 October 2013"}
{"title":"My Favorite Show","review":"I randomly stumbled onto this show back in 2013, I was looking for a new show to watch and I decided to try Frasher and give it a chance. Boy this show is addicting. Although after season 6 the show didn't seem quite as good as earlier seasons but still great to watch. All great cast members.","rating":"9\/10","date":"12 January 2019"}
{"title":"My Favorite Sitcom","review":"This spin off of Cheers has been a favorite of mine for years. The writting was excellent and the casting was perfect. The series has provided much laughter and entertainment!","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 December 2019"}
{"title":"Fantastic","review":"Such a good show. Happy to rewatch it. It's very witty and consistently funny","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 May 2019"}
{"title":"Like a Never-Ending Three Stooges if the Three Stooges were highly Educated.","review":"In short, Frasier is an overbearing obnoxious windbag who can't keep his mouth shut and a pretentious fool. He runs off women quicker than a busload of fat women eat free donuts. Niles is even worse, being a ninny who cannot even begin to act like a normal human. Martin is a pain in the ass who never connected with his sons, and one must admit its quite a stretch by the writers to actually believe he was the father to these two snobs.\nRegardless, its quite entertaining to see what havoc these two bring on themselves each week...Nyuk nyuk nyuk....","rating":"7\/10","date":"21 August 2018"}
{"title":"Wonderful gut laughter","review":"Always a good mood elavator!! And if you have never watched it it's your loss","rating":"8\/10","date":"10 February 2020"}
{"title":"Clever and funny, most of the time","review":"Many episodes of this are very well-written and acted. The characters and the interactions between them are often well-observed. The contrast between highly-educated people (including the protagonist and his brother, Niles) and less educated people (including their father, Martin, and Frasier's assistant, Roz) is used to good effect.The writers made some major mistakes:a) Some episodes are weak and boring, with little entertaining content.b) Roz is from Wisconsin, but she always speaks with a Texan accent.c) Daphne is from Manchester and retains her strong accent. However, she frequently switches from speaking in British English, to American English, and back again - sometimes within an episode.d) Frasier and Niles are patronising, arrogant snobs - which makes it difficult for viewers to like them.","rating":"7\/10","date":"17 April 2017"}
{"title":"Average, at best","review":"Tried my best to like the show. And some of the non-Frasier characters (Niles, Roz) seem crisp in their dialogue delivery, but even just into the fourth season, the story lines are getting utterly predictable.For far too many episodes, after watching the first five minutes, I pretty much know how the rest of it goes, including the \"jokes\"\/so- called \"witty writing\". In the first 4 seasons, I have now seen about 5-6 episodes along 'Frasier meets\/likes girl\/is set up... things go hot, but the whole thing backfires, with some blabber\/angry dialogue from FC'.Plus, there's one annoying\/loud\/lame character after another, including Frasier himself. How he's been nominated\/gotten these awards is beyond me.Yes, there are some well-written episodes, but for too many average\/ un-funny ones. For the record, just because the characters use lots of French words or blabber loudly, does not automatically make the writing \"witty\" or \"funny\".Still better than the average fare out there, but with too many droll\/unlikable characters, this is far from being the best ever at anything.","rating":"1\/10","date":"3 February 2017"}
{"title":"A gem.","review":"This is a good show. Hilarious, in fact! I am sad to see it didn't get as much publicity as \"Seinfeld\" and \"Friends\" over the years, perhaps then it would have gotten a bigger fan base. This show's humour is refined and elegant, and it's always funny to see Frasier's ego grow.","rating":"","date":"4 July 2003"}
{"title":"One of the Best Sitcoms of All Time","review":"What a special show! Intelligent, hilarious, heartfelt. It hits on all levels. Brilliant.","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 February 2020"}
{"title":"Top Of The Heap","review":"Comedy is in the eye and\/or ear of the beholder. And yet we sometimes argue that one comedy series is better than another. In fact, it seems undeniable that some comedies are superior to others---at least when one considers a comparison based on averaged opinions, like IMBd scores. Few people would argue that \"F Troop\" is superior to \"M*A*S*H\", for example.Which brings me to my assertion that \"Frasier\" is the greatest American comedy series of all time. Trying to prove my case is a fool's errand, I know, but, like the attorney who has himself for a client, I will endeavor to do just that.If we first list and define the attributes of a superior comedy, we can probably agree on: quality wordplay, pratfalls, and uncomfortable situations that sometimes juxtapose expectation and reality. The greatest comedies might offer the best of all those attributes.Another approach might be to demonstrate that a series has a superior premise, a superior cast, and superior writing. And I like that method. So I will assert that a great comedy has great characters, played greatly, delivering great lines. And the series that does that the best is the greatest of all time.Proving that is not a simple matter. Consider Lucy, Ethel, Ricky and Fred. Consider Jerry, George, Kramer and Elaine. Consider Chandler, Monica, Rachel, Ross, Phoebe and Joey. Or the amazing characters of \"Modern Family\". Each of these assemblages might be considered worthy of a \"10\". And one might argue that any one of them has a fantastic group of actors to plays those parts. But I am going to hang my hat on the writing of \"Frasier\", not because its writers are always superior, but because its premise allows its writers to create the greatest episodes.Frasier Crane is not merely a character of his time, a man who lives in present day Seattle. He originated in the comedy \"Cheers\" where his personality shared many of the foibles of Diane Chambers. He is a character perched with pride at the top of a comedic precipice: he is a professional, a celebrity, a psychiatrist who peddles his wares in public, a self-appointed arbiter of good taste, and a pretentious purist when it comes to all things intellectual or suave. His hubris makes him a perfect foil, like a classic character by Moliere.Frasier's brother, Niles, is similarly afflicted, allowing them to immerse themselves in their shared notions of superiority, thereby doubling the humor. Frasier's father, Martin, on the other hand, is a blue-collar common man who wouldn't know a soupcon from a soup can. He often acts as the viewer's avatar, almost winking at the audience as he exposes the pomposity of the two brothers. Likewise, their live-in aide, Daphne, has to deal with the airs of Frasier and Niles on a daily basis. Finally, there is Roz, who plays Frazier's man-hungry coworker. She is often fodder for Frasier's verbal barbs, but she always keeps his ego in check at the workplace.With characters like these to work with, the writers are able to compose episodes that delight in verbal acrobatics and indulge in layers of comedic meanings. The writers can also use all comedic styles. You are as likely to see visual humor as hear a pun. And because their timing is superb, the actors are suitable for punch lines or classic farce.There are so many great television comedies, but I consider \"Frasier\" the best of the best. And like all great comedies, it is very rewatchable. Whether or not it actually is the very best, it deserves a 10\".Frasier won 37 Emmys---more than any other television sitcom.Addendum: It is worth noting that \"Frasier\" has something in common with the funniest British comedy show of all time, \"Fawlty Towers\". Both sitcoms have iconic characters (consider Basil, Sybil, Polly and Manuel) and tremendous actors, but more importantly, both Frasier and Basil possess prolific pretensions that make them perfect targets for comedic comeuppance.","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 January 2021"}
{"title":"Along with Family Ties, the best ever...","review":"This show is simply fantastic in all ways! The stories are incredible, the cast is one of the most amazing ever in a sitcom and, the only bad thing among this are the voices that call Frasier a bad series! At least, they have the trouble to write critics... guess it means they care in a way! Strange, no? Anyway, my only wish is that the DVD get to Europe soon so i can remember everytime i want this masterpiece! 10\/10 - Smart, funny, see it!","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 June 2003"}
{"title":"A gem of a sitcom!","review":"Another American sitcom I really like is Will and Grace. Both shows are really funny, but I like this show more. Kelsey Grammar, voice of Sideshow Bob in Simpsons and Vladmir in Anastasia is just superb as radio psychiatrist Frasier Crane, a man with his failures but has a heart that makes anyone warm to him. And he is surrounded by some truly talented comedy actors, especially David Hyde Pierce(who starred alongside Tim Curry in the fantastic stage musical Spamolot) as his brother Niles. I loved John Mahoney as the father, and Peri Gilpin as Roz. My favourites are Jane Leeves with her character's silly humour, and Moose(one talented animal) as Eddie, who got the most laughs as Martin Crane's staring dog. The script is intelligent, witty and cleverly-structured, and there is enough style and substance to make it memorable. And the song at the end is quite catchy. Although I am sad it ended in 2004, I am glad it got a decent ending. 10\/10 for a gem on American television. Bethany Cox","rating":"10\/10","date":"26 April 2009"}
{"title":"Excellent Eleven Seasons of a smart comedy!","review":"This spin off of Cheers was equally high quality and worth watching for 11 years. It sadly got overshadowed by the network's sister show, \"Friends,\" whose popularity surpassed this show. This show is smart and funny with a first rate cast. David Hyde Pierce is equally funny and brilliant to Kelsey Grammar's Frasier. Pierce plays his younger psychiatrist brother and fellow snob, Dr Niles Crane. John Mahony is brilliant and perfectly cast Martin Crane, their retired policeman's father, who lives reluctantly with Frasier. He brings Eddie, his pet dog along too. Jane Leeves is cast as Daphne Moon, Martin's therapist, and Peri Gilpin is perfectly cast as Roz Doyle, Frasier's radio producer. With celebrity guest callers and recurring roles of Gil Chesterton and Bulldog too! This show was high quality in writing and acting too! This show is worth seeing daily!","rating":"9\/10","date":"20 August 2013"}
{"title":"one of the best","review":"Great all-time sit-com. it started to go downhill when they introduced Daphne's mother as a regular cast member. she wasn't funny, she was nasty and gross, those episodes are unwatchable. the last season was ruined by Laura Linney, her over-acting is intolerable, don't know how she's maintained a career for so long...","rating":"9\/10","date":"13 May 2020"}
{"title":"umm...this show always lacked excitement.","review":"I've tried watching this show and found it dry. Fraser Is a staple in my childhood memory because I would see this show during the golden years when an episode of the Simpsons would end.I respect what this show tried to do. I respect the 2 lead characters.In my opinion Shows like this would not last in the current obnoxious new gen era. I still acknowledge its tenure success during the golden age.","rating":"6\/10","date":"3 October 2019"}
{"title":"Didn't really appreciate the good writing until now","review":"I watched this sporadically when it was on the network. I thought it was funny but not hilariously so.I've been watching it again from the first episode on Paramount + and I found a new found appreciation for it. I'm seeing many of the episodes for the first time.Perhaps if I can use a phrase of my own as to the humor, it is cerebrally funny.A lot of series after decades have a kind of dated aura to them.Others, even some of those from the 50s, have a certain timelessness to them. Look at I Love Lucy. Still popular after nearly 70 years.I think people will still be appreciating this series 30 years from now.It's all about interpersonal relationships and life issues.I would say that it is perfectly cast too.Perfect writing and perfect castingAnd even the dog Eddie is a riot.","rating":"9\/10","date":"27 October 2022"}
{"title":"Not for everyone, I guess, it has an abrasive undertone","review":"Watched it? Yes. Liked it at the time? Enough to go ahead through all the series. Loved it? Surprisingly, no. Why? It had to do with the aftertaste, like having been dragged to a highlife party, performing through the whole event to make a nice figure, but once over, not wanting to ever go back to something similar.It was too much of the main actor, and it all had an edgy, abrasive undertone. Uneasy lives, incomfortable events, characters that go through it all just because it is the norm at the precise position in the society they are in. Probably essier to enjoy if you can relate...\nAlso, the actress who played the virgin on Seinfeld, main feminine character here, she does have the same of saturation exuding about her, after a while it is just too much.Like a suit that looks good, does its function excellently, but I was glad to get out of it and relax in more comfortable outfits. No way I can see it as the glorious sitcom others present it.","rating":"6\/10","date":"11 May 2022"}
{"title":"Frasier Worst Sitcom Ever","review":"I can't believe so many people loved this sitcom. Frasier Crane presents nothing but a prime example of the selfishness and immaturity exhibited by so many so-called sophisticated, educated \"adults\" in our society. He breaks up his marriage and leaves his ex-wife and his preteen son all alone in Boston while he moves 3000 miles away an essentially cuts off 99% of his contact with them in order to relieve his own angst and massage his own ego with a new job. As if the a new job is his identity. Frasier drops all pretense of being a father any longer except for the occasional reference to Frederick, usually in the context of a punch line. And we're expected to swallow this drivel, a child who needs a father figure practically cut off from the man of the house in the boy's mid-childhood, reduced to a laugh line. Frasier is a bum for doing that, he's nothing but an absent sperm-donor.","rating":"1\/10","date":"18 April 2013"}
{"title":"If you don't get it, you don't understand","review":"I was pleased to see the Crane boys rewarded at the Emmys in 2004; a fitting tribute to 11 years of highly entertaining TV, the like of which I personally will miss terribly.Reading some of the comments on this site prompted me to write that the characters created are all based on the premise that the two experts on life are constantly frustrated by their own shortcomings and are guided, ignorantly, by the other characters, who demonstrate that their own interpretations on how to run their lives supercede the tertiary-educated brothers.I will sorely miss the interactions between all members of the cast and the ability of the show to hit the nail fairly and squarely on the head, when it comes to addressing the vagaries of interfamilial relationships. If you don't get this, you never will and you will never see the funny side of life.I look forward to Australia receiving the most recent episodes, as we are still watching reruns from about 1998! Lucky us!","rating":"","date":"20 September 2004"}
{"title":"Witty, Smart and Intelligent","review":"Hands down the best comedy show ever, Ive watched it over 4 times and never get bored\nYu learn a new angle each time with the lines, every character so rich and loveable.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 January 2022"}
{"title":"Masterpiece.","review":"It's insane to think that this show was actually a SPIN-OFF. Spin-offs were known for having a handicap right from the start, doubly so if they were coming off of an already-masterpiece such as Cheers. But Kelsey Grammar isn't your typical actor -- he's methodical, intelligent, and absorbent.They managed to assemble a cast which would eventually become an ensemble -- which, again, isn't easy to do when you're starting from scratch on a spin-off with only one character from the previous show. And yet they did it, and made it look effortless. These writers are some of the best to ever grace the television medium. The wit, charm and intelligence that's poured into these scripts are of equal importance as the actors who took them and made them their own.These characters will become more to you than just characters, they'll become your friends. Your family. You'll care for them, laugh with them, and even cry with them.They don't make shows like this anymore, and that's the truth. Be glad we can still watch it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 August 2021"}
{"title":"Perfect Scriptwriting & Comedic Timing.","review":"It's amazing the amount of lines that each actor has to recite per episode. The comedic timing is just perfect. I especially liked the interactions between Daphne and Niles fawning over her. The use of Eddie (Moose) the Jack Russell. I was never a fan of Cheers, but this spin-off was much more endearing.The only thing I can criticise is the laugh track, which was part and place in all sitcoms of the era.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 May 2021"}
{"title":"Never gets old!","review":"I grew up with this show! And even though it's content was presumably targeted towards young adults and the middle aged baby boomers during the 1990's. The clever banter, quick and witty humor, and downright genius writing, has drawn me in since I was a young child!\nOne of the biggest problems with modt sitcoms, is the fact that the humor and content tends grow stale and dated overtime however; after over twenty years, the humor and contents of this show continues to be fun, enticing and extremely mentally and emotionally stimulating!\nI loved it as a kid and As an adult, I continue to love it!","rating":"9\/10","date":"1 April 2019"}
{"title":"Funny show, great cast chemistry","review":"The casting in the show is perfect, the main cast have great chemistry that carries them through the whole series. The writing is spectacular, the laughs are there in every episode. Roz is a queen. The show storylines are funny, but can sometimes get a bit repetitive, how many ruined parties can one family have?","rating":"8\/10","date":"28 April 2020"}
{"title":"Near d*mn perfect!","review":"If ever there was a show that came close to being perfect, this is it. I've watched and re-watched this show and I still enjoy it and find things I've missed previously.Some of the later seasons are a bit boring; I'd really recommend S1-S6, esp. S6 is amazing.This show is clever, doesn't talk down to the viewer, is heart-felt, caring, funny, witty and loving. I wish there were more shows like this!","rating":"10\/10","date":"27 May 2022"}
{"title":"Enjoyable but...","review":"Frasier is well-written and well-acted and I especially enjoy Kelsey Grammer as well as John Mahoney (and Moose), but it's not perfect as others here would have you believe with their gushing. For me, it began losing its appeal during the later \"girlfriend of the week\" episodes and the episodes in which Daphne's family was featured on a regular basis. (The characters weren't funny, just obnoxious and annoying.) Also, the whole Maris thing was just stupid and unfunny. The same with the Bulldog character.My main complaint is that the writers expect the audience to believe that a character as prissy, fussy, and fey as Niles is not only straight, but strongly lusts after a woman on an ongoing basis. Certain gay actors -- and David Hyde Pierce is one of them -- are so obviously gay and as a result aren't convincing as a straight character. (Don't get all excited, reader; I'm gay myself.) It would have been more enjoyable and believable if the writers had made Niles a gay character.","rating":"7\/10","date":"15 July 2022"}
{"title":"I still love it","review":"Rewatching after 10 years and it still has me in stitches, best American comedy by far. It loses points because it gets silly towards the end like most series that go on a bit too long. And like everyone I hate Daphne's family, terrible characters.","rating":"8\/10","date":"11 November 2020"}
{"title":"The first few years were great","review":"I can't give a higher score after around season 7. By season 9, it's changed far too much. Not only because Niles and Daphne become a couple, although that removed some of the most anticipated fodder from the show - Niles pining for Daphne & hysterical comments describing the never revealed Maris were some of the pinnacles of humor for this series. Fraiser and Niles played off each other so well and Niles was no less important; perhaps even more important. But later Seasons have far too much focus on Fraiser despite that the success of the series had previously been with other characters played off of him. Now it's become the axis with no spokes; a broken wheel. Additionally, the ridiculousness of pretending Daphne gained weight just to hide her pregnancy was a severely lacking set-up that was almost like an interruption in the show itself. Dozens of shows have successfully simply filmed the pregnant actress from the neck up with body doubles for full-length distant shots - there's a good reason it's done that way. It detracted from what should have been a romantic fun new relationship, saddling the new couple with bogus psychological hurdles. Nevertheless, I pressed on hoping for a return to some of the earlier cleverness but I'm calling it quits in S9 after enduring long redundant episodes of Fraiser's inability to form relationships with women and his endless tantrums with Martin. Fraiser oversized ego had too much spotlight instead of just being the catalyst.To be clear, my review is re the original Fraiser series that ended in 2004. I personally don't believe anything that lacks Niles or Daphnie should be called by the same name. All the main cast is missing except Fraiser, who was, tbh, not the character I noticed most from Cheers. I guess it's not unlike 2.5 Men where the show changed beyond recognition but was still given the title of the once iconic comedy series. However, unlike Sheen, who truly was the centerpiece of the show, Grammer is more of a bank to shoot jokes off from. Not that he could be replaced easily, either, just wasn't the star, from my perspective. Niles had most of the best lines and his timing was impeccable. Roz was also a great character.I have been a regular viewer for many years and have rewatched some of the first seasons more than once. But every time I try to get into these later seasons it just feels like a waste of time.I see many people claim it's the number one sitcon ever & longest running. But in reality, Fraiser is around #10 on a list that has The Simpson's & Modern Family rated at a higher popularity; and there are several longer running series including The Simpsons, Two & a Half Men, Big Bang Theory, and Ozzie & Harriet.","rating":"7\/10","date":"14 May 2024"}
{"title":"I'm Listening and I'm Laughing","review":"Fraser is in credibly witty and down my hilarious. It's characters move fluidly throughout each storyline, and each interaction between characters is not without a good laugh.","rating":"5\/10","date":"26 July 2019"}
{"title":"Reruns helped to make me a true fan!","review":"**WARNING! A Small Spoiler follows**  Like many others, I am a new \"Fraiser\" fan thanks to the local TV stations showing its reruns (twice daily where I'm from!).  Most of the time they air the reruns chronologically, year by year, which is what helped me understand the ongoing plot developments and growth of the characters as well as their mutual relationships.  When you see the early shows it is amazing how one-dimensional and \"flat\" some of the characters used to be.  Daphne, for example, began as comic relief--someone to make fun of with her psychic flashes, family anecdotes, and unusual British speech and habits.  Niles was a lot more snobby, self-centered, and even somewhat cruel and nasty.  Both of these characters evolved dramatically and have become (for several years now), fully developed and fully dimensional \"people\" whom you can identify with despite their little eccentricities.  Their romance over the years has been frustrating, embarrassing, tender, emotional, and yes, satisfying.  I feel that one of their most tender and romantic scenes was the duet in \"First Date\"--although, yes, \"Moondance\" absolutely swept me off my feet, emotionally speaking.  But, in \"First Date\" there is an innocence and purity that is definitely absent in \"Moondance\"--especially when you consider that Daphne admits to acting her part in \"Moondance\". In \"First Date\" she is being sincere and open with her feelings, spontaneity, and reactions.  On yes, \"Daphne Hates Sherry\" definitely wins for the sexiest scene between them, hands down!My favorite character is Niles, because I feel that he is the funniest of all of them.  Also, David Hyde Pierce's gift for physical comedy--anywhere from minor facial expressions to a huge pratfall--remind me of \"I Love Lucy.\"  Recall \"Three Valentines\" a fantastic piece of silent, physical comedy that I have never seen before or since, especially on TV sitcoms. \"Frasier\" takes chances and mixes things up wonderfully.  There was an Valentine's episode a few years ago that was a la \"Sliding Doors\" that was unbelievably fantastic!!  My favorites by far are the situation episodes: \"The Two Mrs. Cranes\", \"The Ski Lodge\"--#1 for me, \"Merry Christmas, Mrs. Moskowitz\", the one where Martin pretends to be gay, \"The Innkeepers\", \"The Seal that Came to Dinner\", etc.Although Niles is my favorite character, the heart of \"Frasier\" is Dr. Frasier Crane, whom despite his failures and shortcomings, is really everyman in his frustrations, hopes, dreams, and failures to \"fit in\" with the beautiful people and popular opinion.  Kelsey Grammer portrays him so human and touching that you truly sympathize and feel his triumphs, pain, embarrassments, warmth, lovingness, and failures.A great show!! The BEST on TV presently, and in the past, one of the top 5 of all time!!!  Thanks for the reruns!!","rating":"","date":"9 November 2002"}
{"title":"Fantastic writing...","review":"One of the best Sit Coms ever made. It's just works, clever and witty with very likable characters.","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 February 2021"}
{"title":"Very Funny","review":"I never watched \"Frasier\" when it was first run but discovered reruns a few years ago. Laugh out loud in every episode.Acting is very good although some characters are overbearing - especially Bebe the talent agent and Daphne's brother Simon. I also don't know what Daphne sees in effeminate, pipsqueak Niles. She treats ex-fianc\u221a\u00a9 Donny very shabbily. Also don't know what Ronee sees in grungy old Martin.Eddie the dog is my favorite character. Bebe is my least favorite. A very funny program.","rating":"8\/10","date":"4 February 2022"}
{"title":"Intelligence and Decadence and the some...","review":"This is the one sitcom that I revisit every few years. Still makes me laugh. Proof that intelligent comedy never gets old.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 December 2020"}
{"title":"Tossed Salads and Scrambled Eggs","review":"Frasier is one of the best television comedies of all time. What makes it more impressive is the Cheers spinoff is better than its origin series. The existence of great comedic conflict exists more often in Frasier than it does in Cheers and the series also provides more physical comedy. The serial love interest Niles has for Daphne creates an enduring anticipation that closes with a satisfying and fulfilling end. Excellent writing and extraordinary performances.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 June 2021"}
{"title":"Brilliant Sitcom of the 90s","review":"I was born in the 80s, grew up in the 90s watching Frasier among other Sitcoms, I liked the Sitcom differently back then as opposed to today...in the 90s as a Brit I've always loved American TV and American Films, and I liked Frasier because it's American, but didn't appreciate the humour as I do now as an adult, because this Sitcom is not for kids, it's made for adults, and now that Channel 4 online has put all of the Seasons on their website, I've been enjoying this Sitcom so much more than I did in the 90s.Frasier lives up to its genre, it's funny and the situations that he gets himself into while trying to do damage control, is entertaining.This is not like other Sitcoms, the humour is different, and the character Frasier is not what we usually see in these type of shows,\nI don't watch today's new Sitcoms (and I've tried to watch some new ones on Netflix, but they are very boring) so I don't know the personality types of today's sitcom characters, but I do know that in the 90s - Frasier's personality-type was not depicted in other shows of this genre.The performances and the lines are brilliant, the writers are very talented as well as the cast, director, e.c.t, I like all the main characters, but I've noticed as I've been watching episodes recently that Frasier and Niles' father is very rude a lot of the time, I don't mind the telling-it-like-it-is direct attitude, but the dad goes beyond that many times, he sometimes is just plain nasty and disrespectful with calling people names.I love this Sitcom, and can't remember most of the episodes, so it's still sort of new to me every time I watch an episode.I read that there might be a new upcoming Series of Frasier, as a fan of the show - I think if they go through with it, it will be a mistake, the actor who plays the dad - passed away, and I doubt the cute dog \"Eddie\" is still alive, so that's already 2 main cast members who won't be in the new one, the new Series won't be as good, they can pay homage e.c.t, but it still won't be the same, I feel that it will make those of us who are fans of the Series actually feel sad every-time we watch it because the 2 main cast members will be absent, I think they should just leave it as the brilliant 90s Sitcom that it is.","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 December 2021"}
{"title":"Amazing show","review":"What makes Frasier so impressive is the fact that it's a spinoff from one of the most successful shows of all time, Cheers, but it somehow managed to create a name for itself and has become a tv giant, it's now easy to forget that Frasier is a spin-off. A perennial top 30 ratings hit and 37 emmys a record for comedy series, this show is definitely one of the best tv has seen. It's well written and wonderfully acted. Kelsey Grammer kept Frasier Crane alive and funny for 20 years! That alone speaks to the strength of the show. The focus on supporting and recurring characters is also outstanding as most shows seclude the main cast from the recurring. The high brow humour is purely clever, it's possibly the only show you can get smarter by watching, I've learned a lot of new words watching the show, just as much as I usually learn reading a book. That speaks to the depth and creativity of the behind the scenes workers. This show makes rich, snooty brats seem funny and lovable. The balance between high brow and low brow is the best of any series. While others talk about Friends and Seinfeld (both wonderful shows), Frasier will remain as my favourite 90s show and it deserves all 37 of its emmys and then some","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 August 2020"}
{"title":"Best Sitcom ever","review":"Love Fraser! Funny, smart, great characters. Doesn't matter how many times I watch laugh everytime.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 February 2021"}
{"title":"Good, not great.","review":"A lot of the humor is based on simple misunderstandings which are not realistic. There are several examples in the final season which are wrung out to an absurd degree. Don't get me wrong the players all do the best they can with the lines they are given. My favourite Benny Hill girl, Jane Leeves is a stand-out as is David Hyde Pearce and Peri Gilpin. Kelsey doesn't really get to do much except look stupid, vapid and self centred. Oh and rampantly promiscuous which for a MD is remarkable. John Mahoney doesnt get to do much either except to interact with a pretty smart dog. The show hasn't aged well at all. I can't bear the thought of taking the DVD out to play it which is why I won't. If you compare it to Cheers from which the Frasier character sprang, Frasier runs a very poor second. The show could have finished after two seasons. We would have saved a pile of time and Kelsey could have gone and done something amazing like he did in Boss. And that show finished far too soon. Stay away. And if you can't, stay asleep.","rating":"5\/10","date":"12 November 2022"}
{"title":"Quality, quality, quality.","review":"I enjoy watching Seinfeld and Becker more than I enjoy watching Frasier, but Frasier leaves them both behind in genuine sitcom quality. The cast is brilliant and the writing is absolutely top-notch. The first 5 seasons was probably the best display of American sitcom of all time, if not international sitcom. Unfornunately the show ran out of steam in the final few series when the energy seemed to slip away from both the writing and acting.Frasier is a real comedy lovers comedy. Even though it pokes fun at wine-loving snobs, it's upper-class feel may have kept some from experiencing the show. While it's not my all-time favourite show, Frasier is undoubtedly the most professional sitcom that I have ever seen.","rating":"","date":"13 February 2005"}
{"title":"An intelligent comedy","review":"I can't stop laughing whenever I watch an episode. Too intelligent, well performed, a lot of talented people around. Simply wonderful. The characters evolve naturally and the plot never goes down in quality. Enjoy it!!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 April 2021"}
{"title":"older women!","review":"All of john Mahoney's girlfriends are Kelsey grammar's age\/generation. I feel os sorry for older women. No one wants them. I know there are older actresses! It's like they were afraid to use them! I don't get it!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 June 2019"}
{"title":"Ohhh yes baby","review":"Frasier is the best sitcom baby. It's so great and funny. Watch it.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 December 2020"}
{"title":"Fantastic Sitcom","review":"I recently started watching this show for the first time in Netflix and I am in stitches from laughing so much. Between the great writing and Kelsey Grammar's delivery this show will leave you laughing the whole way through. This show has become one of my new favorites and I'm sure any viewer would find it making its way into their top list too.","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 May 2017"}
{"title":"It's simple","review":"I absolutely adore this show. One of the best shows on Earth.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 August 2021"}
{"title":"The Best Sitcom I've Ever Watched","review":"I don't know what to say other than I absolutely love this series, it has just the right amount of humour, heart and whit. Frasier has been something I've watched 3\/4 times through now as it's just so good to relax and wind down to, a real comforter for me! Highly recommended if you like something a little slower paced and more chilled out than most other frantic (and quite frankly, annoying) sitcoms.","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 August 2021"}
{"title":"One of the best sitcoms that stood the test of time","review":"Very intelligent humor, great characters, good balance between goofy and serious comedy, and finally a story that you can relate to.What I really like about Frasier is that it talks about real life and relationships; divorce, marriage, having children, falling in (and out of) love, losing loved ones, the hardship of being in the closet, having affairs, alcoholism, losing one's job, neighbor feuds, etc... and tries to approach these subjects in a humorous way.The only problem is that its out of touch and a bit pretensions but they know this and it mostly adds to the humor.Happy watching.","rating":"9\/10","date":"11 April 2017"}
{"title":"Sadly over done","review":"The show setting is beautiful in the luxury apartment. is the over pretentious characters make you feel good and the father keeps the show down to earth however the dog Eddie needed to shine more in the show or series. I really don't like the character Daphne and she gets more annoying as to show progresses. But was really sick is after season 5 to show just takes a really weird turn for the worse. Especially when his brother sleeps with his ex-wife I mean it's not just ridiculous but it makes you just not like the characters anymore the characters just got more more unlikable was once again the exception of the father and Eddie the man who plays a father's acting is so exceptional and that's probably what makes you want to keep watching the show he has a genuine laugh his eye contact everything about him. Not to say that the other actors aren't good but they're just so unlikable and they get more unlikeable as each season goes by. Even the last episode with Roz acting like a witch and ruining Frasier's relationship it wasn't funny. It may have been a little bit deep but it wasn't that deep because it and it would have stupid laugh it was just awful a lot of those people I wouldn't even allow them to be my friends anymore especially if a sibling slept with my ex and have the nerve to tell me I was wrong when I was doing something nice for them? Come on man! Is really sad because there's so many things to like about the show.","rating":"3\/10","date":"18 January 2019"}
{"title":"Very funny show","review":"This is one of the funniest shows on tv. Kelsey, David and the rest work so well together and are very funny. No wonder it's won the emmy for best comedy all those years in a row. I can't believe Ally McBeal beat it out this year. I don't think that show is half as funny as Frasier. What makes it even better is that the show has Peri Gilpin who is the daughter of the great Jim O'Brien who was a newscaster\/weatherman for Philly news. I see where she gets her talent! Anyway Frasier is a great show that anyone would enjoy!","rating":"","date":"6 October 1999"}
{"title":"Best written and performed American sitcom to date","review":"While \"Frasier\" is in fact merely a spin-off of the shrink character established in the long-running \"Cheers\", he's quite different in his own show. Which is a good thing: Years after leaving his favorite bar in Boston, Frasier works as a radio psychiatrist in Seattle; he's older, also more mature, oh, and at the same time his naivety concerning matters of the common man is easier exposed. Plus, he'd still eat a worm if someone were to give it only a French name. Frasier might be short-tempered, single-minded and self-absorbed at times, but he has his heart in the right place. As far as women are concerned he's charming, but all in all mostly hopeless, which on the other hand is part of the fun for the viewer as it makes him even more lovable and easier to connect with when keeps messing things up - despite the best of intentions. Then again he's snooty as ever, and has found a brother he never admitted to have in \"Cheers\". And finally there's dad with a hip problem who has permanently pitched a tent (or rather a tasteless chair) in Frasier's postmodern apartment. Aside from considerable taste differences to the culturally spoiled brats dad also brings his terrier Eddie with him, primarily good for winning staring contests with irritating shrinks.One thing soon becomes perfectly clear when watching the series: Kelsey Grammar (Frasier) and David Hyde Pierce (his brother Niles, psychiatrist too by profession) unmistakably form one of the rare comedic dream teams one finds hard to get tired of even after 11 years. Thanks to the brilliant writing staff especially the early seasons sparkle with witty comebacks, acid remarks, hilarious situations only snobs may chance upon finding themselves in. Furthermore the show sports a level of intelligence and cultural references that are entirely absent from many American shows, particularly sitcoms, served with frantic pace and spot-on delivery. While \"Frasier\" has a certain highbrow angle that lends the series its uniqueness, it can nevertheless be enjoyed on multiple levels: aside from sophisticated remarks of the side-splitting kind there's also slapstick and farce in the mix, and even the weaker episodes blow comparable situation comedies still out of the water. The sophistication that permeates the show clearly has something to do with the fact that \"Frasier\" turns out as a highly re-watchable offering, yes, even an addictive one, for there's always something new one can pick up in re-runs. That, and the fact that the characters are drawn so incredibly well makes the show an absolute winner. From physical therapist Daphne, Nile's desperate infatuation, over Frasier's producer and sleep-around Roz to station manager Kenny right down to the easily irritable Bulldog and the 11 seasons long unseen Maris, Nile's wife and doom - the writers gave all of these people recognizable personalities, even the invisible ones. Just like Frasier's radio sessions in fact give sound psychological advice. Instead of a quick laugh and fast food for the soul, you get the fun plus food for thought to go. And maybe an urge to grab some coffee. In that respect we close the circle, lift our cup and say: Cheers!","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 June 2016"}
{"title":"Aamazing show","review":"I loved Cheers, and Fraiser I have to say tops that by a million miles. This show had more character development than any other i've ever seen, it had all the original cast throughout the whole 11 seasons as well as some cameos from ex Cheers characters which is what spin offs like Joey really needed. This show really knew how to make me laugh, so many episodes i've seen multiple times and I still find it hard to breathe through laughing sometimes. And I have to say this even though i won't spoil it, the end of the show though very sad and emotional was the best i've ever seen. It fit in perfectly and to be honest really closed what it had 11 years leading up to which was.......if you wanna know go watch them for yourselves because you won't regret it.Please if you enjoy good comedy watch Frasier, Niles, Martin, Daphne and Roz and allow yourself to be swept away by laughter and tears alike.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 January 2007"}
{"title":"highy rewatchable series","review":"frasier is one of those series that are highly re-watchable. i view it over and over again and always pick up more and more puns\/jokes. eg nile's behaviour towards the end with the constant nose holding to prevent his nose bleed because of lying was largely missed by the audience because this trait was not shown consistently esp during the middle of the series. perfect ending of the series with the unanswered question of how it will turn out but heck at least he took the chance. that's what his ending speech at kacl was all about.to be honest, this show is so good in the dialogue.. i don't even need to watch it to enjoy it haha. i play it on the background listening on the dialogue while i do my work.. if that puts me on the same level as tom on 'the two hundredth' so be it :P","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 August 2013"}
{"title":"Great Show!","review":"This is one of the most perfect sitcoms in history. From the writing to the cast.","rating":"9\/10","date":"9 April 2020"}
{"title":"The best sitcom in the history of Television","review":"Frasier is the best show in the history of television with the greatest characters played by the perfect actors to deliver the funniest lines ever written. Remember how good the show Cheers was? Frasier is Cheers on steroids.The cast delivers their lines using deadpan humor that is both hilarious and brilliantly clever. Frasier and his brother Niles are two pompous psychiatrists whose father as their foil is a salt of the earth retired cop. They are supported by an ensemble cast of characters which are beautifully developed over the many years the show ran. By the final episode it was as if we were losing members of the family we all wish we had and had grown to love.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 November 2023"}
{"title":"A pure definition of must-see TV!","review":"\"FRASIER,\" in my opinion, is a pure definition of must-see TV! Despite the fact that I've never seen every episode, I still enjoyed it. There are many episodes that I enjoyed. One of them was where Frederick (Trevor Einhorn) had his bar mitzvah. If you want to know why, you'll have to have seen it for yourself. Before I wrap this up, I'd like to say that everyone always gave a good performance, the production design was spectacular, the costumes were well-designed, and the writing was always very strong. In conclusion, even though it can be seen in syndication now, I strongly recommend you catch it just in case it goes off the air for good.","rating":"9\/10","date":"22 January 2006"}
{"title":"One of the best comedy shows of all times","review":"This is one of those rare comedy shows that's funny, smart and sophisticated all at once, not to mention heartwarming. You probably won't get all the jokes but you'll laugh plenty in each episode. It's absolutely one of my favorite comedy shows of all times and I've watched them all including Seinfeld and Friends.This show won the \"best comedy show\" Emmy awards for 5 years in a row not to mention winning the awards a total of 37 times in a variety of categories. I must say that it deserved every single one of them if not more. If you haven't watched this show you are missing out a lot.As sophisticated as it is, this show also serves as a great comfort show.","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 February 2023"}
{"title":"Yesterdays news, todays less good show","review":"It was probably a very entertaining show back then, and i do not know why, show is now being watched, closing in on season 8.I am not sure, if the show would work in 2022, and i read they plan to try ;(\nSome episodes are simply to much play, and to much to watch, so the jokes become painful and less funny throughout the remaining episode.Frasier appearance is mostly shown as a fool, that makes too many mistakes and following his families general mistake in hearing on 50% of what people actually mean, Frasier and his family shows as more or less intelligent to ask questions and respond the right way and ensure the message is received correctly. The show lives on misunderstandings, and storyline seems to be written to make it misunderstood.You can watch it but i will say, some episodes will be skipped :)\nI am not sure a repeat will ever survive in 2022. Just imagine #Metoo as well.","rating":"5\/10","date":"5 August 2022"}
{"title":"Great show.","review":"Mainly it is a great show thanks to the cast.  Everyone in the show does a good job.  The thing that has made the show work from the beginning is the interplay between the characters.  The two brothers, Niles and Frasier who are opera loving cultured type people, and their dad the sports loving everyman is great.  Also, I can sort of relate to some of the characters as well.  I am a sports fan who doesn't go into all that fancy stuff, but like Frasier I have trouble with women.  The show rarely has episodes I don't care for, and I usually get a good laugh during every show.  I have taped almost every episode from TV as well.  Hopefully, this show will keep going for a long time, but I am afraid it is nearing the end.","rating":"","date":"10 March 2003"}
{"title":"One of the Greatest yet underrated sitcoms of all time!","review":"This is one of my favorite shows of all time. The cast works very well together and the comedic timing and expressions are priceless. The first 7 seasons were actual gold, with season 2 being the crown jewel (at least in my opinion). Frasier, Niles and Martin work magic when they are together in scenes. The infatuation Niles has with Daphne are also excellently done. The pretentious behavior of the brothers always getting them into trouble is also hilarious. This is a must watch. I laugh every time I watch this show!!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 April 2019"}
{"title":"Kelsey Grammer Made the Show","review":"He went from Cheers breakout star to headlining his own show as gruff but sympathetic Frasier Crane and how that he would go from Boston to Seattle.As he had the late John Mahoney as his gruff but lovable dad and the straight man in the show. Along with his now divorced dad lifestyle and dealing with a brother like him played by irrepressible David Hyde Pierce.Add in both Daphene and Roz as female support. As it became must see TV for NBC in the 1990's.","rating":"9\/10","date":"25 November 2021"}
{"title":"Dry,witty sarcastic(all in a good way) TVseries revolving around 2 snooty psychiatrist brothers in Seattle","review":"Frasier is about 2 psychiatrist brothers,Frasier Crane(Kelsey Grammar)and Niles Crane(David Hyde Pierce).but these 2 are not your average psychiatrists.they are upper crust snobs,especially Niles.the show is a spin off of cheers.Frasier has moved from Boston to Seattle and is the host of this own very popular radio program However,many times it is his producer Roz Doyle(Perri Gilpin)who dispenses more realistic down to earth advice than Frasier would. She also gets Frasier out of a lot of jams.there are few eccentrics at the radio station,each with their own quirks and oddities.on the home front Frasier livers with his dad,Marty Crane(John Mahoney) who has just recently moved in for reasons i won't disclose.of course,things do not always run smoothly between the 2.the show uses dry,witty sarcasm as humour(in an upper crust sort of way)which most people will get.there are also many misunderstandings,leading to some very amusing situations.there is one running gag to do with Niles,which is also quite amusing.Frasier is not the \"howling with laughter\" kind of show,though it does have those moments.it is more subtle and high brow than many comedies.it is however,immensely entertaining.unfortunately though most of the episodes worked, on occasion there were some that fell flat throughout its 11 year run.as a result,i would have to give Frasier a 9\/10 rather than 10.","rating":"9\/10","date":"8 February 2007"}
{"title":"One of my all-time faves","review":"This show has everything. If you want low-brow or intellect comedy this is the show for you. It also had great writers with groundbreaking topic covering","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 October 2019"}
{"title":"Formulaic, predictable and self-referential... in a splendid way!","review":"It's very easy to criticize a long running show for being \"formulaic\", \"predictable\" or \"self-referential\", so how can one of the most formulaic, predictable and self-referential shows of all time be so wonderful? How can it pertain such high quality and professionalism from the first days of pre-production to the very last scene of its finale? The reason Frasier is predictable or self-referential is not sloppiness or laziness. It's the consistent writing and the organic, ever developing characters. Just like real people, sometimes you expect the characters to act in certain ways, and they do. After watching all eleven seasons of the show, you can talk about one of the five main characters for hours, like you're talking about one of your best friends. They are not idealized. They are not perfect. What they are is human... except for Eddie.While noted psychiatrist and radio personality Dr. Frasier Crane is pivotal to the plot of most episodes, the balance (or lack thereof!) between the five main characters, sometimes Frasier's rivalry with his younger brother Niles, sometimes his conflict with his retired blue-collar father Martin, is the essence of the show. Daphne, Martin's live-in physical therapist, is often the negotiator between the Cranes. Frasier's producer Roz is arguably the least developed main character, but she is sometimes integral to the plot and she can be quite a scene stealer. This powerful ensemble of five is accompanied by equally brilliant support characters such as Bulldog, Bebe, Gil, and of course Lilith.On an objective scale I would probably give it 8 or 9 stars, because it inevitably loses its magic toward the end, especially after the resolution of the \"will Daphne and Niles ever get together\" subplot, but even at its worst, it is consistently funny and tasteful with very little amount of disappointing fillers. From the casting to the acting and writing, Frasier is arguably the most successful spin-off in TV history, and even without taking its parent show Cheers into consideration, it manages to stand on its own and it will always be one of the best situation comedies of all time.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 November 2016"}
{"title":"Hated it at first","review":"But grew to love it. I rated it 1 out of 10 after watching a few episodes, but my ranking went to 10 out of 10 the more i watched it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 March 2019"}
{"title":"\"Merveilleux!\" (As Frasier would say)","review":"I must add, in total agreement -- and shameless gushing (sorry) -- with the majority of posts, my high praise for Frasier, which I've only recently rediscovered. Back in '93 at its inception I dismissed it, as I did all spin-offs back then, and never watched. This year, however, when I happened on the Lifetime reruns, the show sprang to life as no Phoenix ever had! It isn't just brilliant, it surpasses the whole genre of sitcom, which, except for the standard device of misunderstanding\/misinterpretation hardly applies to its category. The series is an extended comedic and dramatic event -- standalone one-act vignettes that showcase incomparable performances, the kind illustrated in acting classes. It's an \"Actor's Studio\" of sensitive, dramatic acting which, IMHO, is the backbone of good comedy.Take David Hyde Pierce: The authenticity of his shy character's secret love for Daphne the first six years of the series never falters. He sends unending executable code to the discerning viewer that continually refreshes and updates his core feelings. In a most exquisitely inconsequential moment, for example, that has nothing whatever to do with the current episode plot, or even the subplot of their one-sided infatuation, the two of them may walk past each other and he will reveal the depth of his feelings in an electrifying, though quietly performed move. As they pass, he'll make a flash 360 degree turn as though she'd lassoed him and spun him like a top. Then, just as quickly, he'll remember himself and continue on his way. A moment so subtle, it's almost unnoticeable, which makes his case so compelling. Add to the mix the way Niles is constantly overwhelmed by the smell of Daphne's hair; his subtle inner collapse whenever they inadvertently touch... Pierce is flawless.He is, of course, but one of the flickers of the blinding light shared equally by Kelsey Grammar, the father John Mahoney, and the physical therapist, Jane Leeves. By the way, who knew Kelsey had such a glorious, adaptable voice, capable of handling operatic tones as well as the jazzy \"Tossed Salad and Scrambled Eggs\"!? The fourth star, Peri Gilpin, Frasier's radio show producer, deserves applause for an attentive reflection of Roz's mid-western roots and high school(?) education that contrasts an earthy, quirky sophistication and wit.A moment with John Mahoney: as Niles' and Frasier's father, he brings so much meat to the bones of his character, I actually thought the actor had an injury! His pragmatic foil to his two sons' lofty aspirations makes for the most satisfying banter and scoffing ever! One of the funniest bits occurs when Frasier and his dad are unwittingly talking to each other on separate phones in the condo: Frasier is in the kitchen thinking he has dialed -- well, someone (this part's vague in my memory), but has somehow connected to his own wired phone in the living room, which his father picks up, thinking he's talking to -- someone else. True, this is a stretch, but so successfully played, the suspension of disbelief goes on autopilot. (Perhaps, you think, neither is expecting the other, so they don't recognize each other's telephone voices.) Anyway, whatever generic conversation Frasier has cooked up has led him to try to leave a message. He's so convincing, his dad puts him on hold to look for a pen. He goes into the kitchen and asks for one from Frasier who, in typical Frasier style, condescendingly barks, \"Dad, please, can't you see I'm on the phone?!\"Disgusted, the dad returns to the phone in the living room and begins explaining to the caller (Frasier) that he'll have to phone back later because he doesn't have a pen, at which point Frasier figures it all out and walks to the kitchen doorway, lowers his phone and calls his dad's name. Meanwhile, Mahoney, whose back is to Frasier, is still in the middle of his explanation, as well as ignorance of the situation. He responds by violently pivoting around to face Frasier and to mock him with his identical scorn, tone, and head bob, \"Frasier, please, can't you see I'm on the phone?!\"I believe there is still, thankfully, a nice round two-digit number of episodes left that I haven't seen. I'm especially looking forward to a rerun-rerun of \"Three Valentines\" that shows off a one-man David Hyde Pierce skit of unabashedly amazing physical humor -- with no dialogue!Sadly, I have to agree with posts that decry the quality of script and plot in some of the long endgame episodes, which despite the frames, still gave us good pictures because the subject matter (actors) was so photogenic (skilled). I attribute one of the reasons for the decline to the loss of David Angell, the creator and one of the pivotal writers of the show. Angell and wife were in one of the planes that hit the World Trade Center in 2001.____________________Whoa -- almost forgot little Eddie in my 'Frasier Gush-athon...In the world of canine performers, however, Eddie and his son, to whom I understand Eddie #1 passed the torch when he retired, were no canines! I think they were experiments in recombinant DNA that produced 'humanines.' Their acting chops were nicely showcased in each episode and especially so when they had end-of-show honors under the credit roll.Skilled and smart and sweet and canny and even psychic, the two Eddies strung together that trippy, jangly group of personalities like beads on a chain that they wore proudly round their little necks -- because, let's face it, the Eddie controlled the Whole! In fact, the Eddie deserved an Emmy!Viva Eddie! And Frasier!","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 June 2008"}
{"title":"A Series That Could Have Been Better","review":"The crew had an opportunity when they were creating this series but failed. This series could have been better if the crew had added some extra effort and strength in creating this series. The storyline of this entire series was a bit weak and straightforward and could have been better and stronger. The cast selection throughout the entire series could have been a lot better and stronger. They did not exactly fully commit nor connect to the storyline nor to their respective characters. The chemistry that was displayed between the cast members was weak which did not work for this series that should not have been created.","rating":"5\/10","date":"15 March 2024"}
{"title":"A binge-worthy sitcom series","review":"4\/29\/18. I hate to admit this but I binge-watched the entire series this month! While it was 11 seasons long, mercifully, the episodes were short, so you can watch about 3 episodes an hour. I originally watched the character, Frasier on Cheers and found him to be an insufferable snob. Only Lillith made him tolerable. Neuwirth was so good in that role. Glad they brought her back to guest star in this series. But because this series lasted 11 seasons I figured it had to be good to last this long. I was glad I took the time to watch this. It is a well-written and well-produced sitcom with a nice blend of characters that counter-balanced one another. Frasier continues to be a snob, but he meets his match with his brother, Niles, who is a much nicer person but just as snobby as Frasier. Their father, Martin, is the stablizing factor in the rivaling siblings. It's so incredible for such a down-to-earth man to have these 2 sons, but many working-class parents can identify with him when they have college-educated children who all of a sudden act like they are too good and too smart to hang with their parents. Daphne adds a nice comedic touch who offers a more refined perspective but is never accepted as an equal until she marries Niles. And, finally, Roz, who is my favorite character, adds the touch of reality the boys need to be somewhat likable. The ending was good. This is a series worth catching.","rating":"","date":"29 April 2018"}
{"title":"The Cranes Are Flying","review":"After M*A*S*H this has to be the most sophisticated bite-size humour available on the small screen, in fact, I'll go further and rank them equal. It's perhaps just as well that IMDb don't list individual episodes because it would take years to write about each one. In any visual medium - film, television, theatre - you start with the writing and if that is high quality there is only the actors and director who can louse it up. In Frasier the writing is superb and so is the acting; the main quintet - Frasier, Niles, Martin, Daphne, Roz - are impossible to improve on as are the occasional supplementary figures - Bulldog, Lilith, etc. With writing and acting of this calibre you could get Mr Bean to direct and he couldn't ruin it but as it happens the unit also boasts some of the finest small-screen directors around. In short this is a totally brilliant series.","rating":"9\/10","date":"29 December 2009"}
{"title":"Suberb but with tiny, tiny flaws!","review":"I love, love, love Frasier! I can see every episode a hundred times and always laugh. It is really hard to have a favourite person becauses all the characters are so funny and they work SO well together!The only thing that disturbs me is, that despite the fact that Daphne is hired as Martins fysioterapeut (I can\u00b4t remember the correct term) she irons Frasier\u00b4s socks, do their laundry, make breakfast to EVERYONe, as far as I concern the only breakfast she has to make is her own. I distinctly remember the episode where Frasier is in i bed- sick where he treats her very badly. I got so angry and wanted to hit the tv...Even if she would be a fysioteraphist\/house keeper I can hardly think that open the door, take every command from a sick Frasier, iron Frasiers socks and do ALL the cooking in the household is included in her duties.And ok, it bothers me a bit all the jokes about Roz sleeping with everyone. Sure, she is good at biting back but sometimes I think that it get too far.","rating":"10\/10","date":"16 October 2018"}
{"title":"In the Running For Best Sitcom In The History Of Television","review":"\"Frasier\" is among a very small number of television sitcoms that can be considered as the best in the history of television. My former brother-in-law was a successful television comedy writer, and he always told me that there was nothing harder to write than comedy, and it was particularly difficult to do week after week. I absolutely agree. \"Frasier\" ran for 11 seasons, amazing for any series, and although the quality of writing declined in the final seasons, it was still superior to the majority of most of the popular sitcoms on the air. The casting was perfect, and all the key members stayed with the series until its conclusion.","rating":"9\/10","date":"26 August 2020"}
{"title":"Charlton Heston eat your heart out","review":"Kelsey Grammer is the best over actor since Charlton Heston","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 November 2020"}
{"title":"Absolutely my favorite show!","review":"I have seen Frasier beginning to end at least Severn times. My fianc\u00e9 see me watching it and says \"I see it's Frasier time again\" lol. I absolutely love the jokes, the characters are so well done, and the relationship between Niles and Daphne is one of the best I've ever seen! I have learned so many things about wine, Gourmet foods, psychology and Seattle. I've never learned so much from a show that labeled a comedy. When I heard they were considering a continuation, I was beside myself. I will continue to love this show and watch it over and over for as long as I can.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 April 2021"}
{"title":"The good doctor","review":"I first watched Frasier during its initial run. I had never seen Cheers, but my mom had been a fan, so together we tuned in to Frasier and were disappointed when it came to an end.All these years later I've finally decided to give it a rewatch and I'm completely surprised that it managed to hold up as well as it did.The show is mainly about its titular character, a psychiatrist named Frasier Crane who has a radio show in Seattle and lives with his aging widowed father, Marty Crane after an injury in the line of duty forced him to retire. Marty, a salt of the earth type guy, often chaffes against his snobbish effette son, and his younger son, Niles Crane, a man so dandyish he makes Frasier look like a brute. Rounding out the cast is Frasier's radio show producer and eventual best friend, Roz Doyle, and Marty's live-in physical therapist\/housekeep Daphne Moon.It's an easy show to watch, the plots are relatively simple, most episodes work as stand alones and there aren't too many long term plots. But it's also a joy to watch because these are characters who really love each other, with real relationship and connections on the line. There's not a weak actor among the main cast, but the stand out will always be David Hyde Pierce as Frasier's brother Niles. Does a more perfect casting exist? Not only is he physically similar to his show-brother Kelsey Grammar, but he is absolutely hilarious as the elitist, dandyish Niles Crane.A great show to watch, that manages to stay consistently great over the many seasons.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 April 2017"}
{"title":"I like this show more and more","review":"Like Becker, I think Frasier is even better than Cheers. I like everything about the show. Christopher Lloyd is the Executive Producer and frequently wrote episodes. The number of actors who appeared in the show is amazing. Everything about the show is amazing. An English born actor playing a regular American Dad. An actor who is gay in real life playing a super heterosexual sportscaster. An actress from a completely different part of England playing from Manchester. The comedy and wit is so well written. Two sheltered intellectuals with a dad who is blue collar. Frasier never finding a lasting relationship. Niles secretly loving Daphne, but they never have a relationship. Rose Doyle being so out of place, abrupt and earthy, in contrast to the Crane brothers. It is a combination of great acting and great scripts that make Frasier one of the best shows. Lastly, Eddie, The Jack Russell Terrier. The best actor on the show.","rating":"9\/10","date":"21 April 2018"}
{"title":"Frasier's Phrases!","review":"It's the hilarious comedy - with 'canned laughter' - between two brothers, their father and all their associates. It is also said to be or considered to be the 'spin-off' series of Frasier's character in 'Cheers'. The secondary storyline of Daphne & Niles is the unfolding of a love story. The series ends with not much difference between Frasier & Charlie Harper from 'Two And A Half Men' - which I love anyway - only the gags, phrases & location are different.I also love the way each scene has its own captions & subtitle - it's the same as saying 'Act 1, Scene 2' or 'Act 3, Scene 4' or whatever. However, I think the ending of the series was poorly written. It gets 5\/10, because if I had to choose between watching 'Frasier' and 'Two And A Half Men', I'd choose 'Two And A Half Men'. Why? The 'Half' - (man\/men) - made it funnier. Well, you know what they say if you're in a competition with animals or children - 'you can't win'. So I'd choose 'Jake' - ie: Charlie's nephew, over 'Eddy' - Marty's dog.","rating":"5\/10","date":"16 July 2020"}
{"title":"Television situation comedy at its finest","review":"\"Frasier\" is the only sitcom on broadcast television I make a point to watch every week, including reruns. It's amazing how, even after 8 seasons and 200+ episodes, the show maintains such a high standard. It doesn't take a rocket scientist (or more appropriately, perhaps, a psychiatrist) to understand why: a simple, plausible concept, interesting characters, an outstanding ensemble cast, and smart, funny writers who seem to understand that TV viewers aren't necessarily idiots. Not every episode is a home run, of course, but the cast (especially Kelsey Grammer and David Hyde-Pierce) can make even a mediocre script funny and witty. And Niles' pursuit of the lovely Daphne has got to be one of the most amusing (and touching) romances in TV history. My favorite episodes? Frasier's typically ham-handed attempt to produce a radio mystery play for Halloween, and \"Moondance\", with Niles and Daphne dancing the tango, and Niles having his Quixotic attempt to win the heart of Daphne crushed once again. When it is finally put to rest, \"Frasier\" should easily join the list of the best TV sitcoms of all time.","rating":"","date":"29 December 2001"}
{"title":"I was gonna write a review for this show but then.....","review":"... I read the most reacent 5 or so and figured no point.... they nailed it. So I'm not gonna say it was and still is the best sitcom ever made. No point in saying that..","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 April 2021"}
{"title":"One of the best written comedies out there.","review":"I went in watching this show thinking it may be an overrated sitcom, but I was so mistaken. Out of all the comic shows I have seen, I taste this the highest.","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 February 2021"}
{"title":"Cutting-edge sictom","review":"As a fan of American television shows, I started with Friends from which I found hilarious, then I watched Modern Family for it winning consecutive 5 times of Emmy's Outstanding Comedy Series. Subsequently, I read an article about the connections between Modern Family and Frasier which is also a 5-time Emmy winner,in 90s, Frasier beats Seinfield,Friends again and again, in 2010, Modern Family broke 30 Rock's triplecrown and then established the same record as Frasier. Frasier's lyrics are not just hilarious or funny, but more clever and wise which provide you a boarder horizon beyond the story, I always say, you know about history,classic music,poems,physiology more, you'll love Frasier deeper.","rating":"10\/10","date":"29 March 2020"}
{"title":"This Sitcom is just Lovely","review":"'Frasier' is the best US Sitcom of all time. Everything is Perfect in it. Very talented script writers and cast including a Dog. My life would be darker without this Show. Definitely must see Sitcom.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 March 2021"}
{"title":"One of the best ever.","review":"In my opinion one of the best and funniest tv shows ever aired. It might even be better than the show it spun off from - Cheers (both are good but I think Fraiser holds up a little better long term). All the main cast were hilarious and had great chemistry together; and I don't really think there are any bad seasons in all 11 years.","rating":"9\/10","date":"27 May 2021"}
{"title":"Best sitcom","review":"I love Frasier crane and roz Doyle I love niles crane and his wife maris crane I love Daphne moon and she belongs to niles crane only. I love Martin crane and his dog Eddie. The finale was the best episodes because Martin crane got married!","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 August 2021"}
{"title":"A comical clash between refined individuals and common people.","review":"It's a good written show. The show revolves around a highly educated well verse impeccably dressed psychiatrist. His problem is that he cant make any relationship work. He constantly becomes the victim of an ill fated predicament when he is with a woman. His ever pursue of a love that always ends in mishap, is a great aspect of the show that makes it funny.The brother is also a psychiatrist who very much resembles him except that he is more uptight. There father is a short small framed ex detective who just as smart as they are or even smarter to know that you thrive better in a world as common man than as an uptight refined- sometimes coming across- pretentious man. Their differences in refinement creates a dynamic that adds humor to show.The outspoken British in house physical therapist to the ex-detective adds sauce to the show. The interaction between Frasier's female coworker,with a strong desire for finding Mr. Right and makes her hop between man doing so, has common ground with Fraiser in the failed relationship department and creates a good friendship between both and their differences in the views and or approach to life and relationships also adds comedy to the show.The show is funny. The characters are likable. You won't be disappointed watching the show.","rating":"8\/10","date":"19 July 2016"}
{"title":"A very smart show","review":"Most people i know don't like Frasier because they don't understand it. The jokes are sometimes hard to follow, but they always end up being very funny. This show has the best characters ever: Niles, Frasier, Martin, Donnie, Roz, Eddie, Bulldog. I love every episode that this show has ever done. I also like Cheers, when Frasier was a actor in that series. My favorite episodes of Frasier have to be:  Showdown in Seattle, I.Q., and the episode where the Kranes go to a winter ski lodge and all have some very funny romantic bloopers. If you want a tip that will change the way you watch T.V., here it is, Watch Frasier.","rating":"","date":"10 December 1999"}
{"title":"GOAT series","review":"There's a reason this is the most popular TV series and Spin off.Frasier was in 10 seasons of cheers and 11 seasons of Frasier, that's 21 years of Frasier.Whilst it may start out with some obvious plot holes as it seperates itself from cheers. These are all but patched by midway through the series.\nFurther along it closes up some unanswered questions.\nUnlike other TV series, the romance we can't wait for, isn't rushed into some cliche.It's intelligent and witty, without looking down it's nose at us. More do you need to be brainy just to get a sense of the jokes.A highly recommended show.","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 November 2020"}
{"title":"A spin off that may be even better than the epic original","review":"Great storylines, brilliant casting and acting and genuinely funny and warm comedy makes this one of the best sitcoms ever made. The depth of the characters and their interactions is what sets this show apart. I loved Cheers and thought it couldn't be surpassed but I think Frasier might have just done that. It has just the right mix of the old and the new and is brilliantly made. It will be sorely missed!","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 January 2021"}
{"title":"#1 Classically Witty TV show created","review":"Every single character and episode is casted perfectly with witty dialogs between the characters. If you need a series to binge watch, I promise you will not be disappointed.\nOnly negative comment I might have about the series is the few episodes where they integrated Cheers characters into an episode. Otherwise, the series is genuine, smart and burst out loud funny!","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 November 2020"}
{"title":"All time favorite","review":"Best bedtime TV out there. Smart and witty with lots of laughs.","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 August 2020"}
{"title":"Frasier, the greatest sitcom!","review":"Frasier is definitely the best sitcom ever made! And deserves the number of Emmy wins it got for best comedy! It's witty, original and can make you laugh your guts out! I think many people put off Frasier because it's not as simple minded as Friends or Seinfeld, and sometimes the jokes can be a little harder to catch on to because they are a little more advanced, but people shouldn't be discouraged. Have a go, watch a few episodes! I will recommend though, that you watch seasons 1-5 as this was the period where Frasier was at it's best. Season 6-11 is also dynamite but if you've just found out about Frasier and want to start watching it, I suggest you start watching it from the very start! 10 out of 10 comedy!","rating":"10\/10","date":"16 December 2009"}
{"title":"Transported & Transplanted Shrink moves practice from Beantown to the Airwaves of the Emerald City; hitting the ground running, all without skipping a beat.","review":"POWERFUL and unexpectedly popular characters can and often do emerge from their planned existence as support to become full-blown star attractions in their own right. Starting off by stealing a scene here and there, they wind up being featured at the top of the bill. This is the road to prominence that was followed to success by such notable series characters as Gale Gordon as Madison High School Principal Osgood Conklin in OUR MISS BROOKS, Tim Moore as George 'Kingfish' Stevens on THE AMOS 'N' ANDY SHOW*, Henry Winkler's characterization of Arthur Fonzarelli (better known as \"the Fonz\" or just \"Fonzy\") on HAPPY DAYS and Jaleel White as Steve Erkel on FAMILY MATTERS.EVEN the character of Jimmy the Copy Boy of the Daily Planet gained enough steam and prestige to gain both a promotion and a surname; becoming Jimmy Olsen, Cub Reporter for the Planet on the SUPERMAN Radio Program. With the move to the Television and the ADVENTURES OF SUPERMAN (National Comics\/Motion Pictures for Television, 1951-58), the role of young Jimmy Olsen was passed to young Jack Larson, who proved to be the most popular character next to George Reeves' portrayal of Clark Kent\/Superman.**AND SO IT WAS with the popular comedy series, CHEERS (Charles-Burrows-Charles\/NBC,!982-94) when Dr. Frasier Crane in the person of Kelsey Grammar walked into the by then famed Bostonian Watering Hole during the Nth season. Starting out somewhat on the slow side, but very steady and ever improvingly, Psychiatrist Dr. Crane gained points with both the viewers and production crew alike. Mr. Grammar's penchant for delivering the high brow yet comical vernacular provided an interesting counterbalance to the \"low English\" comments of such characters as Sam, Norm, Cliff, Carla, Coach and Woody.WITH THE cancellation of CHEERS in 1993, the character of Dr. Frasier Crane was the odds on favourite to live on in his own spin-off series and so he did do just that. The series titled simply FRASIER hit the proverbial in the proverbial running mode and never really ran out of gas. Much like its CHEERS predecessor, it could have gone on and on for some time; both series ultimately deciding to make their final episodes while still on the top of the (TV) World!SURGICALLY removing Dr. Crane from CHEERS was a complete and unqualified success. Gone from the TV screen was the Bar, all of the denizens therein and Mrs. Crane and Junior Crane. The plot line had arranged a rather convenient divorce for Frasier from the former Dr. Lillith Sternin (Bebe Nuwirth). It further relocated him back to the land of his roots, his home town of Seattle.ALONG WITH the change of venue came a minor course correction in the good Doctor's career. From this point on his practice would have no office in the conventional sense; trading location in a medical building for conversation and dispensing of advice over the airwaves as the host of a popular local Radio Call-In Psychology Advice Show. (Not a bad idea, don't all big city markets have such a show?)THE ESTABLISHMENT of the new format in the new locale also brought with it a fine group of new characters; all being defined in magnificent style by as brilliant a company of fine and original company of players as ever had been assembled for a comedy series on Television. Starting with Frasier's younger brother and fellow shrink, the nervous and unhappily married Niles, the emphasis is definitely on family. The boys' father, Martin Crane (critically acclaimed stage actor John Mahoney), a retired Seattle Policeman is the central figure in the crane household.*** THE REST of the cast is filled out with a couple of most talented actresses\/comediennes in Roz, Frasier's on air Radio Producer (Perri Gilpin) and Daphne (Jane Leaves), the Brit Girl who is the Crane's resident nurse in caring for the elderly and infirm daddy Martin.AS BIG a success as CHEERS was, it could be argued that FRASIER was even more so; a fact made obvious by the long, successful run that it also enjoyed. When added together, the two series gave the Dr. Crane character a celluloid\/video life span of ?? years; which would obviously be a record for a sitcom character.AS For the television comedy of FRASIER, there were really no characters that rose to the level of \"Unexpected Star\"; as we had discussed in the early goings in our little dissertation here. (Remember, Schultz?) The regular cast member who came the closest is Eddie, the family pet Jack Russell Terrier; as portrayed by 'Moose' and Enzo the Dog, great canine talents both!NOTE: * In reality, the character of 'the Kingfish' had already stolen his way to the top of the AMOS 'N' ANDY Radio Show long before the sojourn into the medium of Television. Tim Moore, veteran Vaudevillian and Stand-Up Comedian, deserves recognition for perfecting the characterization in the visual form. Mr. Moore was allegedly coaxed out of retirement to do the role that gave him a great share of film immortality.NOTE: ** Jimmy Olsen was portrayed by a radio juvenile voice actor on the Mutual Radio SUPERMAN Series, then by former OUR GANG regular, Tommy Bond ('Butch') in the 2 Motion Picture Serials, SUPERMAN (Columbia, 1948) and ATOM MAN VS. SUPERMAN (Columbia, 1950). However, it was Jack Larson's assention to the role that was his career's zenith. He made Jimmy so popular that National Comics (aka Superman\/DC Comics) published a spin-off comics magazine titled SUPERMAN's PAL, JIMMY OLSEN beginning in 1953.NOTE: *** In what can be described as a (minor) snafu, we recall that in a fairly early episode of CHEERS, Dr. Frasier Crane made reference to his Father's having also been a Professional Head Shrinker. (Who would have guessed then the bright future the prim, prissy and proper speaking medico would have away from the Beantown Bar?)SEE YOU NEXT TIME!","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 April 2009"}
{"title":"Utterly brilliant!","review":"All hyperbole aside, \"Frasier\" should be revered as one of televisions all-time citcoms of any genre. The brilliance of this series could never be overstated, it truly was born of genius. Kelsey Grammar and David Hyde Pierce play off of each other as well as any comedic duo in the history of the medium, and along with the incredible talent of their supporting cast succeed in producing a timeless standard for what a quality TV program could, and should be. The writing is absolutely sublime, blending perfectly intelligence, wit, sarcasm, truth, honesty, positivity and just plain substance. The show itself comes off as if it were a superbly-acted play, in that the physicality and expressionism of it's performers are so true to life that they make you feel as if you were viewing them in real-time. There is no gratuitous, lowbrow humor. No sexual deviancy which seems to be so prevalent in much of what we see from today's reality-based drivel. And most importantly, no dumbing-down of the audience! That is what made \"Frasier\" so very important to me. I'm not going to say that everyone should love the show and if they do not that they simply lack the intellect required. That's not the case. What I mean is that I am so appreciative when I have the opportunity to enjoy a show such as this that will not stoop to the lowest common denominator in order to entertain \"the masses\". \"Frasier\" proved that you don't have to compromise in order to produce an award-winning, hit series. If the product is composed of quality ingredients it will always be consumed and appreciated by the proper patrons. Kudos to the entire group of wonderful people that helped create and keep \"Frasier\" going for an incredible 11 seasons, it was unbelievably special.","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 August 2007"}
{"title":"Frasier has left the television!","review":"I loved Frasier, the arrogant, pompus, jackass shrink we all cameto know and love in Cheers. We knew very little about Frasier then. Kelsey Grammer, who played him, didn't even join the cast until about a year or two after it aired. According to Cheers, Frasier's parents were dead, and he didn't have a brother. NBC playedmusical chairs with the show over its eleven year run. It aired on Thursdays after Seinfeld, then it was moved to Tuesdays, thenback to Thursdays, then back to Tuesdays. It was enough to makeyour head spin. Frasier introduced us to a whole new cast ofcharacters---Roz Doyle, played ably by Peri Gilpin, (although Lisa Kudrow, Friends 1994,) was originally up for the role of the horny, man-crazy, producer. We had Niles, Frasier's equally pompus, but hypochondriac brother, who was always mooning over Martin's allegedly psychic physical therapist, Daphne Moon, (pun definitely intended. Get it? Mooning?) Niles was married to the never-seen, always talked about, always maligned, Maris, who was the butt of jokes, just like Norm's wife, Vera, was in the aforementionedCheers. After leaving Boston, Frasier Crane returned to hishometown of Seattle, Washington, home of Starbuck's, Amazon.com, and the Cafe Nervosa, a small coffee shop where Frasier and Niles meet every day for coffee and to talk about their day. Niles is in private practice. He think's Frasier's a selloutbecause he's a bigtime radio shrink. Although in one episode,Frasier went to psychiatry convention in Denver, and Niles filled in for him. Then there was Bob \"Bulldog\" Briscoe. The macho manhost of a sports talk show at KACL. He was the stereotypical male chauvinist pig. At the end of the third season, a group of Hispanic investors bought the station, and fired the entire staff. Frasier was so distraught he tried to write songs to get past it. There was the time he crashed a funeral. He also remembered having a crushon his piano teacher. There was the time he dated a swimsuit designer and ran into Lilith, his ex-wife, in Bora Bora, (hubba,hubba!) The time he went to Mexico and slept with a supermodelplayed by Sisters' Sela Ward, and nobody believed him, so he took a picture of her while she slept, and she broke up with him over it. The time Roz went to a Halloween party dressed as O, (Oh!), a Japanese superhero who changed sexes after being immersed in water, and got knocked up by a younger man. Want more? Watch it for yourself. However, if you should see the ones Bibi Glasier, the Agent from Hell, you'll die laughing.","rating":"","date":"2 September 2004"}
{"title":"comfort","review":"Yes this show is comfort food, but my what confort if offers. Almost like a second family. I love it! Amittedly the early seasons are the best. Once Daf and Niles are together, it's just not as funny.","rating":"9\/10","date":"18 July 2022"}
{"title":"Satisfaction guaranteed!","review":"I first heard of this show 2 or 3 years ago(I am only 11 and before October '07 I only watched cable) but in June '08 they were showing reruns on Lifetime in the morning so I decided to check it out, I was shocked, how have I never watched this show. Now it's obvious how it won so many awards. It is pure genius! Frasier(Kelsey Grammar)is a radio psychologist, along with his producer Roz(Peri Gilpin). His father(John Mahony)and his fathers physical therapist(Jane Leeves)lives with him. He and his brother Niles(David Hyde Pierce)enjoy operas and expensive champagne, they go to ballets, shop for paintings, and everything your average American man would not do.Frasier is one of my favorite classic shows. I put it in the NBC3(Frasier, Friends, and Seinfeld). This show is for everyone who wants a show that just every episode will not let you down. If it is the comedy, the acting, or the plot, satisfaction guaranteed.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 July 2008"}
{"title":"Frasier - Iam listening","review":"First of all let me say I am a huge fan of Frasier. The reason why I like it so much is because unlike other sitcoms the humour is not juvenile or moronic but more refined, just like Frasier and Niles. I must really hand it to the producers since they had a really hard job on their hands trying to make Frasier just as popular as Cheers, the show Frasier first appeared in. In fact over the years almost all of the cheers cast made guest appearances on Frasier. In one episode all of the cheers cast get reunited for a retirement party.My favourite character is Martin because he has nothing in common with his sons and is sometimes ashamed of their weird habits. I also like Niles. This was because of his long time obsession with Daphne. It has to be one of the longest plot line in sitcom history. What made it so amazing is that the writers managed to hold our interest for so long. In the earlier seasons I got the most laughs from when he used to make up any excuse to hug her and Frasier would give him a disappointed look.Over the years there has been two major story lines. The Niles\/ Daphne love story and Roz's pregnancy. Roz was also a terrific character. Lilitth was my favourite on\/off character. All the episodes with her in it were hilarious.My favourite episode was the one in which Niles pretends to be Martin's boyfriend to avoid going out with a gay man. My favourite quote was in the episodes where Daphne's character had gained a lot of weight. She falls over and can't get up Martin tries up to pick her up, then Niles and then Frasier. After that Martin wittily remarks \" You know what's funny? It took 3 cranes to pick you up\". It ran for 11 years and it was still as funny in the later years as it was at the start.","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 October 2007"}
{"title":"Great show, very funny! The English Daphne Moon rocks!","review":"I started watching Frasier back in the late '90s and somehow lost track along the way. I recently started collecting the Frasier DVDs, and am wondering in what season Niles finally makes it known to Daphne that he loves her. I also would like to know if I am right in assuming that is the same season that she acknowledges her love for him... what season is it?? Aside from that important question, every single season of Frasier that I have bought so far (which is all of them as of today's date) is so very funny, and filled with one-liners that are side-splitters! For some reason I like Frasier more than I like Cheers... but don't get me wrong, I still like the bar where everybody knows your name.And one more thing... someone said \"Why can't more shows be as intelligent as this one?\" To which I reply: Because if they were, then how would you know how great this one is? To paraphrase what Butt-Head said to Beavis on the \"Beavis and Butt-Head Experience\" 'You have to have stuff that sucks to have stuff that is cool'. Obvously, there is stuff out there that sucks, so it is easier to know that Frasier is cool.Still though... it does seem as though too many shows base their comedy on garbage and (you fillin the blank!!)... genital humour. Frasier had a very small amount of juvenile humour.","rating":"10\/10","date":"26 June 2005"}
{"title":"Just watching, I feel smarter","review":"When I first saw this show, I thought that it'd be like something you'd see on PBS... upon further inspection, this is actually very funny.I didn't get it at first. Of course, no one fully understands a show at first glance, so I just watched a few more episodes and I really got into it.From Niles' fruitless pursuits of Daphne (that is until later in the series) to Frasier's usual neuroses, I found this series absolutely hysterical! Of course, not only did I acquire a new favorite show while watching; I also seemed to come out of a mental slump I've been in for a while.This show's good for a laugh, and if you're anything like me, good for your mind.10\/10","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 December 2006"}
{"title":"love it","review":"its too bad that show is no more.. but fortunately they still send some of the old episodes on the TV.. and yes.. I LOVE Frasier's character,and Niles too. They gotta be the most interesting characters in many years in American sit comas.. This is just not a sit com.. its much more than that... its intelligent humor. And its so fun to look behind the curtains of frustrated upper class people. Niles is wonderful as always as is Roz. And its wonderful to see some of the old cast appearing in Frasier. I read a comment about why choosing Frasier to have his own show... I mean. What do you mean? Would you rather have a show about... Woody ? or Sam ? Those characters are probably the most boring from Cheers. Typically average guys. People who hate Frasier... its OK... go back to your \"Friends\". I am most definitely gotta go and get some of the seasons on DVD.","rating":"10\/10","date":"16 January 2006"}
{"title":"The best kind of humor","review":"The show all other series should be compared by. Some of the most clever, ironic, and hilarious writing I've ever seen!","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 July 2020"}
{"title":"A great show to relax with!","review":"I discovered Frasier late,before it's ready to be put out to pasture! Luckily for me though,I currently have every one of the episodes on tape! I love watching the antics of Frasier as wonderfully played by Kelsey Grammer,his equally fascinating brother as magnificently portrayed by the incredibly handsome David Hyde Pierce,and John Mahoney as their father Martin and the ladies Jane Leeves and Peri Gilpin as the sassy lasses Daphne and Roz! I recently lost my father,and \"Frasier\",has been a blessing for both my mother and myself! If you haven't watched \"Frasier\",you truly don't know what you're missing! God Bless these 5 talented stars of Frasier! I truly enjoy the paranoia and snobby ways of Frasier & Niles,but I adore their efforts to be less snobby and blend in with everyone else.","rating":"","date":"14 May 2003"}
{"title":"best TV show ever","review":"this is 2015,and after more then 20 years ,Frasier is(for me) the best TV show ever.the good taste,the beautiful sense of humor,the perfect acting of all the actors,the joy of seeing every single one of the episodes...it is the perfect show.every year I enjoy a good marathon of Frasier and each and every time is the same wonderful experience.I laugh,I cry sometimes and I feel so good.not a single aggressive note in the script,not a single mistake -in my opinion.Please do watch it.It will make you feel so good...so good.I am happy that I lived the time Frasier was written,this world would not have been the same without.Kelsey grammar is without doubt absolute genius,and all the others actors are perfect.the script is so brilliant that I could not find a single episode without some magic.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 October 2015"}
{"title":"I love the TV series Frasier !!","review":"I don't care for most TV shows and none of the soaps . I wish the wonderful group was still together and have told so many folks to take a look at \" Frasier \" if they have not . I have found that a lot have missed out on this absolutely wonderful show . This is one show ( re-runs I suppose ) that should be scheduled for Prime Time ! It is so nice to finish my day off with the finest group on TV . Makes for great late-night entertainment and would be superb at any time of day or night . Frasier is the best produced , written and acted TV series ever !!!!!! Thanks to all of you ,Jamie","rating":"10\/10","date":"29 September 2006"}
{"title":"gold","review":"Possibly the greatest comedy\/drama series ever made in my opinion. To put it simply the writing is sublime and the cast of actors are endearing.The series is full of comedy with the finest timing despite a laugh track not relying on one, heart warming storyline that stands on it's own tugging at your heartstrings but not being overwhelmingly or making their characters unrealistically sweet. As each character opens up they draw you in developing along the way but holding onto their quirky traits throughout.The only flaws I found were like other series of it's time it may have some slight continuity errors along the way, but as it went for 11 seasons that's not too surprising. Some of the situations are over the top for comedy and to keep the story going but there is a charm to that in this show as well.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 September 2022"}
{"title":"One of the best shows.","review":"Frasier is one of my favorite shows. The blend of the 5 main characters is very entertaining. The writers did a fabulous job from season 1 to 11. It really makes me wonder why there hasn't been ( to my recollection) another show of pretentious elites like Niles and Frasier since Frasier.Fraiser's call-in job was really a gold mine for comedy and various ideas. But they always seemed to realize that the show benefits from getting in and out of the job situation as quickly as possible. Just long enough for the story and\/or some jokes.Niles and Daphne's relationship seemed to go at a very appropriate pace. They never seemed to take it too fast or too slow.The show does have some material that doesn't age perfectly to the present. If has some a few gender stereotypes which are a bit cringy today. Bulldog is a character that most networks would not allow on the air for a show nowadays. But such gaffs should be expected for any show that was on the air 25- 15 years ago.Overall the show is still very good and it's material holds up. The show mostly has the family dynamic storylines as well as the dating and job interactions storylines. It's episodes involving gay topics were typically some of the best episodes. The farce episodes are also fabulous.The show did some experimental things. But it rarely felt pretentious. The show really shows how the blue collar and white colllar people can interact and love one another, even if on occasion they drive each other crazy. Both sides get a lot of good one-liners in. And that makes the show entertaining if you are more like Frasier or Niles or more like the other 3. Or perhaps if you're more in the middle like me.Some don't like shows with studio laughter. I'm definitely more of the opposeite. I don't see the laughter as cues for when I'm supposed to laugh. Sometimes I laugh. Sometimes I don't. Sometimes I laugh when no one is laughing. But I more often like it when jokes are delivered as punchlines rather than quips. I appreciate stage comedies and like the feeling and flow the laughter provides. No scripted tv comedy which is funny is ultimately going to come off as realistic. So I don't understand why so many people denigrate shows with live studio audiences. It's not like most of the show are like Mash, and filmed predominantly on location. They are filmed mostly in the studios in front of audiences. And most actors and comedians arrive at their best work because they have an audience to experiment their delivery of their material. That is why live studio comedies are so often the successful shows. Even today when they have started to come off as taboo, they still tend to outlive the other styles. If you want to give one a shot, Fraser might be the best one to experiment with.","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 March 2019"}
{"title":"Sophisticated, Yet Funny!!","review":"Unarguably, One of the best comedy Television has to provide. It is not a normal slapstick comedy or some non sense humor. It is a very sophisticated series with high class, intelligent humor. This might be a positive point for the series and at the same time a negative one too, since not all could get hold of the humor presented in this. But believe me once you started watching this you will just love it, and want for more. Each character is very well developed over the series length, and each actor playing the roles are just perfect in every sense of word. Overall a good comedy to sit and watch and enjoy thoroughly. 10\/10","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 November 2007"}
{"title":"Good Enough","review":"Frasier is probably one of the best sitcoms of its time. Based on the character from 'Cheers', it follows Frasier and his brother for 11 seasons. The laugh is there, the bonding with the characters is there, and the heartwarming moments are plenty. Steady comedy and lovable cast make Frasier a classic.","rating":"8\/10","date":"20 July 2020"}
{"title":"favourite Roz moments","review":"One of my favourite Roz moments was when Daphne said to her: 'you know what happens when you say no to a guy?'. Roz replies 'Yes sure'. But she's obviously not too sure","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 May 2020"}
{"title":"Classy","review":"I really like \"Frasier\". Kelsey Grammer and David Hyde Pierce are hysterical as the two opera-loving psychiatrists, and the rest of the cast is terrific, too. I feel that the quality of the stories and writing have slipped in the last couple of seasons, though. Now that Daphne knows the truth about Niles, I REALLY hope that the writers don't so to their story what \"Caroline in the City\" did to Caroline and Richard. Because it's starting to look that way.I love the opening title sequence and the theme song sung by Kelsey Grammer. My three all-time favorite episodes are the radio play (I almost split a gut every time I see it!), when Frasier got in trouble for calling Seattle a dreary, depressing city on his radio show, and when the gang went up to the mountain cabin: Niles and Roz pretend they're in love (they are really in love with Daphne and Donny, respectively) and a whole chain of hysterical misunderstandings abound!And Eddie the dog rocks!","rating":"","date":"27 January 2000"}
{"title":"The spin-off to end all spin-offs.","review":"\"Frasier\" is a half-hour comedy series set in Seattle, WA, which chronicles the lives of an eloquently pompous radio show host Dr. Frasier Crane (Kelsey Grammar), his brazen radio producer Roz (Peri Gilpin), his competitive, high-brow brother Niles (David Hyde Pierce), their crotchety father Martin (John Mahoney) and Martin's semi-psychic, live-in home-care provider, Daphne (Jane Leeves).Frasier is a spin-off of one of the most famous American sitcoms ever made, \"Cheers\". From the constant problems in his life to his need to be the most pompous man in the small Boston bar - Frasier was the obvious candidate for the spin-off. However, he isn't the be all and end all of the show with the many fantastic performances from his co-stars and the many cameos. Cameos ranging from the old boys of Cheers like Woody Harrleson to Bill Gates make this show one of the most unmissable out of all of the great American sitcoms.I would like to quote Bob \"Bulldog\" Briscoe (Dan Butler) to finish but i'm afraid this show just isn't \"TOTAL BS!\"","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 June 2006"}
{"title":"Beyond Class","review":"This is, without question, the greatest sitcom there has ever been, and is ever likely to be. Being brought up in London in the 80's, such an accolade would usually be lavished upon Only Fools of Blackadder but Frasier is perfect.Not a big Cheers fan myself it came out of left field. The pompous psyciatrist has a family. Who cares???? Well you should. Every single character is played to perfection, every piece of slapstick sublime and for a nice change not a single episode is dumbed down for the masses. If you get it, brilliant. If you don't, go and watch Benidorm.David Hyde Piers is sensational as Niles (Frasier's brother) and John Mahoney adds much needed grounding to the boys and also heart wrenching sentiment as their father.Please watch this and then re-watch it. It can't get any better than this. Thanks for listening Dr Crane","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 October 2016"}
{"title":"A superior summary","review":"I'd only disagree slightly--I don't think this series ever slipped much and I'm glad it went 11 rounds because there was so much to enjoy every season. You do get to feel like you know these people, the mark of any really well written fiction. I especially liked some of the devices they used so well over the years:The witty \"title screens\" to introduce segmentsMartin's ratty old chair (touchingly hauled away in the last episode)Eddie, used to such great effectThe never seen but hilarious MarisThe mini sketches viewed during the final creditsThe guest callers whose identities were revealed in the final creditsAnd agent Bebe--Satan in female form and consistently a scene stealer. Time will tell, but for my money this may be the best sitcom ever. One question--has there ever been a series where the five top stars lasted eleven years?","rating":"9\/10","date":"4 September 2006"}
{"title":"Scrambled Eggs All Over My Face","review":"One of the funniest shows ever filmed. From the era when writers really wanted to entertain the viewer.The characters are likeable, and the situations in which they find themselves are amusing and often a bit bizarre.Frasier was excellently portrayed by Kelsey Grammer. The concept itself is excellent, and it can be seen that the writers did not burden themselves with anything, but wanted to provide the viewer with good entertainment. And they succeeded in that.The casting is excellent, all the actors do a great job in their roles. We rarely see so many fun characters in one series.Frasier, whose character is extremely entertaining and around which the whole concept revolves, is excellently conceived.His brother Niles, superbly played by David Hyde Pierce, is equally entertaining. We also have Daphne, Roz and the great John Mahoney as Frasier and Niles' father, Martin Crane. And of course Eddie, whose presence gives extra charm to the whole series.There are other fun characters, like Bulldog Briscoe, who is also brilliantly played by Dan Butler. It can be seen that this series is from another time, from a time when series and movies were generally more entertaining and when they mostly served as an escape from reality.Frasier is really funny, they couldn't make a series like this today, it would probably be too offensive, although there is nothing offensive in it, just fun and lovable characters who are not perfect, but people with their flaws and virtues.Some episodes especially wouldn't be filmed today, especially because they make fun of literally everything. A great fun series full of likeable characters that doesn't take itself too seriously. That's just one of the reasons why Frasier is so funny, simply, they could make a comedy without too many restrictions, that's why it's called a comedy.Simply great.","rating":"8\/10","date":"21 October 2022"}
{"title":"The Best Darn Sitcom in years","review":"At first I saw him on Cheers, a pompous character that was created solely to break up Diane Chambers and Sam Malone, little did the writers know they would create a character that would be personified in Mr. Kelsey Grammar for almost 20 years (Frasier was added in Cheers' 3rd season opener) and the character has been cemented into American culture.I loved Cheers and I first saw Frasier when I didn't get up to change the channel and thus my love affair with the show begun. I loved everyone and I love reading the scripts also because I wanted to get a touch of the writing that made it a wonderfully played out sitcom. I often refer to this as a smartly written show for dummies, I loved the wine references and the classical opera references that defined the social world of the Crane brothers.The fact that they did crossover shows was another interesting part of the show. Diane and Frasier made nice, Sam Malone got advice from Frasier (sucked because it didn't get them any further as how they related to each other) and when Lilith visits it is always a pleasure to see BeBe Neuwirth reprise her role (her sleeping with Niles is one of my favorites) and the one where Cliff retired were all good, although it did slide downhill in the end, Frasier on a bad day beat out a lot of other sitcoms on good days (including Friends and many other long-lasting sitcoms), the continuity was also an interesting thing such as when Frasier's old girlfriends come back and interact to find out why Frasier is so afraid of commitment and Diane remembers when Hester (Frasier's Mom) tried to kill her, that attention to detail is remarkable since the co-creators did in fact write many of the Frasier episodes.Though it did have a main star, the ensemble just worked and making them all equal had to have been a feat that was undertook and well done, Frederick also made some appearances and the fact that we weren't nauseated with him was a welcome thought since sitcoms with kids have the main stories happening around them.In the end, Frasier is still single and heading towards San Fransico, Martin moves and the same man who delivered the chair in the pilot takes it away in the end. Niles and Daphne have a baby named David (after David Lee who died in the 9-11 attacks) and Frasier has left the building only to return in syndication (hopefully they'll return it to 7 pm).","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 July 2006"}
{"title":"Consistently and Literally Laugh Out Loud Funny","review":"For the most part, \"Frasier\" is not a show I specifically turn on unless it happens to be on, but every time I watch it, I just wish that I would watch it more often. I would say that this show is \"Simply Brilliant\" but it is more than \"simple,\" it is perfect, through and through--from the acting to the writing to the costumes and set design.I do not laugh out loud at television that often, but when I watch this show I just can't contain myself! It's smart dialogue, but it's also often chucked full of physical humor and the occasional strange costume. \"Frasier\" is a show that I believe anybody could enjoy. The acting is also brilliant, particularly on the parts of Kelsey Grammar and David Hide Pierce. If you see it on your TV guide I would highly recommend changing your channel to the awesomeness that is \"Frasier.\"","rating":"9\/10","date":"6 August 2008"}
{"title":"Most clever humor.","review":"I absolutely love this show. The humor is excellent and the acting is amazing.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 April 2018"}
{"title":"funny","review":"This series is a deserving spinoff from Cheers, and I like what I've seen of it. Kelsey Grammer is in top form as the title character, and for the most part the series features funny, intelligent jokes and situations, such as when Frasier obsessively tries to track down a missing tape of one of his shows. If you liked Cheers, you'll like this series.","rating":"","date":"18 December 2001"}
{"title":"It shall be missed but never forgotten!","review":"WARNING SPOILERS MAY ENSUE! Alas, I was too young to understand when it was still new ,but the beauty of age is experience and the joys from the past. Although I've just turned seventeen, the show is still appealing to my sense of humor. Now I wonder where I was when this show was winning all those awards and then I remember most of the time I was watching old Barney the dinosaur episodes. Although I love this show, I hate what it's done to me. It is the epitome of T.V.'s finest show and so that is how I hold it to other shows. While other show may be good this show was \"Fantastic!!!\" To quote another 'Docter Who' will remain anonymous.Even though I came in late in the game (After the show was gone for a full season!!!)I have all seasons, except the final season, that have been released on DVD so far. I can't wait till May 15th. I want season Nine now! (And yes my sources are reliable. If you don't believe me then wait and see.) My favorite episode is probably...No! Definitely... Out With Dad. But also a goody is Room With A View. Even though it's a bit more serious than most other episodes. It shows depth that was missing from the show. I have recommended this show to all my friends but they all say \"Okay. Good for you.\" But I have managed to change one of their minds. Now every time I see her she wants another DVD for another Friaser fix.We all agree that Niles is the driving force of the show. He barely lets you hear the set up for the punchline before delivery. His physical skills go unnoticed the first few times you watch the show but as it goes on you see a master at work. His facial expressions are just as funny as he is.Martin is very well written part and John Mahoney delivers.Roz is utterly delectable and sassy. The funniest thing about her is her street smarts that seems to be just beyond Fraiser and Niles' grasp.But every show has a chink in the armor. Daphne is the weakest character. Not to say that it was Miss Leeve's fault. But the writers just didn't know what to do with her. She was essential to the show. But, even with it's faults, Fraiser is still one of the funniest shows to touch the small screen.And last, but not least. Dr. Fraiser Crane. When he wasn't \"listening\", we were. Fraiser is the most underrated character of his own sitcom. Between Nile's obsession with the enchanting Daphne, and Martin and Roz's escapades. Fraiser is left a little lonely. But then how do I know that wasn't the envisioned plot?Well I've prattled on for long enough. It's time for me to go. \"Your listening is KACL 780. This is Dr. Fraiser Crane wishing you all good mental heath. And stay tuned for Bob 'Bulldog' Briscoe and the Gonzo Sports show.\"","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 February 2007"}
{"title":"One of the BEST","review":"Clearly strides ahead of the pack during the golden era of sitcoms.. Fraisers ability to showcase that even those on the professional side of psycotherapy feel and experiance life just as those who spill there minds and hearts...","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 January 2019"}
{"title":"Mine favorite sitcom ever","review":"\"Frasier\" is often hailed as one of the best sitcoms of all time, and for good reason. With its intelligent humor, exceptional writing, and memorable performances, it has left a lasting legacy in television history.The brilliance of \"Frasier\" lies in its ability to blend sophisticated wit with relatable and heartfelt moments. The show's clever dialogue and cultural references make it a joy to watch for audiences seeking intelligent humor. Kelsey Grammer's portrayal of Dr. Frasier Crane is iconic and undoubtedly one of the finest performances in sitcom history.The dynamic between Frasier and his equally neurotic brother, Niles, portrayed brilliantly by David Hyde Pierce, creates endless comedic opportunities. The on-screen chemistry between the Crane brothers adds depth and authenticity to the show, making it all the more captivating.What truly sets \"Frasier\" apart is its exploration of complex family relationships. The heartwarming interactions between Frasier, Niles, and their father, Martin Crane (played superbly by John Mahoney), bring a genuine emotional touch to the series.Consistently delivering top-tier writing and performances throughout its 11-season run, \"Frasier\" maintains a high level of quality rarely seen in long-running sitcoms. Its enduring legacy and continued popularity even years after its conclusion are a testament to its status as the best sitcom of all time.In summary, \"Frasier\" is a masterpiece of television, combining intellectual humor, heartfelt moments, and exceptional performances. Its unique blend of wit, charm, and emotional depth secures its place as the pinnacle of sitcom excellence, leaving an indelible mark on the hearts of its fans.","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 July 2023"}
{"title":"A Spinoff Better Than the Original","review":"I'm sure most of the readers on this site know the background of the Frasier Crane character-he was brought into \"Cheers\" season 3 as the Harvard psychiatrist who was was treating Diane Chambers as a patient at a Boston looney bin after she was traumatized from her romantic relationship with Sam Malone. Frasier was supposed to be written in for only about 6 episodes but he quickly became a popular character-a fish out of water- an elitist, snobbish intellectual hanging in a Boston working class.Ted Danson had decided to move on after 11 seasons and I'm sure the show's creators had dozens of ideas of spinoffs using the Cheers locale featuring Norm, Cliff, Woody, Carla...but they gave their blessing to creators Peter Casey, David Angell and David Lee to make Kelsey Grammer as \"Frasier\" the star of the new sit-com. Grammer was a splendid comedic actor, with a sense of timing reminiscent of the great radio, tv, and film star Jack Benny. They wisely moved him away from Boston, divorced him from his fellow snobbish shrink, Dr. Lilith Sternum (Bebe Neuwirth) and made Frasier a radio psychiatrist, taking calls for 3 hours a day at KACL, Seattle.The radio station occupied one part of the show, a bit of \"WKRP in Cincinnati.\" Another part was Frasier with his even more haughty, prissy, and pretenious younger brother, Dr. Niles Crane, played by David Hyde Pierce in a brilliant job of casting. The final part was Frasier's home relationship with his widowed father, retired cop Martin Crane (John Mahoney) Martin had been partialy disabled by a bullet wound to his hip and Frasier reluctantly invites him to live with him in his luxury high rise condo. The storyline gets a bit preposterous as it is hard to believe that a tough cop type such as Marty would have been content to allow his wife to raise their sons as a pair of snooty sissies, but having character conflicts is essential to any good show. \"Frasier\" also heautures a pair of female regulars-Jane Leeves as the very British Daphne Moon- who is hired as Marty's live-in home heath care worker and who Niles, trapped in an unhappy marriage to a Seattle aristocrat, quickly becomes infatuated with. The other is Peri Gilpin who is Frasier's attractive and somewhat slutty call screener and producer.As with most sit-coms, it took about a season for the writers and actors to get their characters clicking, but by season 2 this was truly a hilarious show with absolutely brilliant and intelligent writing, as Frasier and Niles, often dealing with Frasier and Niles' pretentiousness whether dealing with family, friends, work and love relationships. Indeed, a recurring theme is the trouble Frasier has in making his romantic relationships work, he has quite a few in the 11 years of the show, my favorite being Jean Smart as Lana \"Legs\" Lynley, who was a cheerleader and sex siren with Frazier in high school, who naturally ignored Frazier but now divorced in her 40's is quite happy to sleep with the esteemed Dr. Crane.As with any show that runs 11 years, there are quite a few clunkers and for me the Niles-Daphne relationship seemed a bit forced and later when they finally got together, seemed more annoying than anything. Still, a rebbot is supposed to be coming and I'm looking forward to it.","rating":"9\/10","date":"5 July 2022"}
{"title":"Spoiler Warning","review":"What can I possibly say that can add an ounce to the excellent scripting, well thought out lovable, and not-so-likable, characters? Frasier was a \"spin-off\" in a sense to Cheers. However, Frasier, in my opinion, exceeded Cheers in many ways; the writing is superb, the wit, sarcasm, come-backs, underhanded remarks.. even with watching them on re-runs for several years, still I find something new. Something makes me laugh.Eddie is just lovable.. totally adorable, and very well trained. Martin is a handsome older-man whom, like his sons, has hard times finding the right mate.Daphne, Niles, Roz and many others are great additions to the entire comedy, they fill it beautifully. Though Niles has often-times made the episode stellar! I wish we had such excellent writing as this nowadays. I know great writers still exist, I'm just waiting to see their work produced.Kudos to the Frasier writers, editors, staff and directors - you did it all perfectly and we miss you!","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 March 2015"}
{"title":"Great Frasier Crane!","review":"Frasier is the best American sitcom by far. i would have given this ten out of ten if it hadn't been for it's dip in quality around season 8\/9, but it's still brilliant.I have always found American sitcoms to go on far too long, which is why they all inevitably lose steam in the later series. Frasier became more like a 'regular' sitcom in the later years, but the early series are unique, witty, clever and hilarious.Dr. Frasier Crane (Kelsey Grammar) is like no other character done before; pompous, cultured, over-bearing and of course well known to us from Cheers. his brother Niles is just as hilarious with his fastidious nature and his obsession with Daphne Moon. their father Martin, a cop, who is the complete opposite of his sons, provides great friction in the family.Daphne (Physical therapist) and Roz (Frasier's producer at the radio station) are smart sassy and the former; eccentric. unlike other American sitcoms, these ladies are just as funny as the men. classic episodes include 'Ski lodge' 'inkeepers' and 'the matchmaker' Don't think you have to know about wines, opera and classical music to enjoy this sitcom, half the fun is not knowing what they are talking about! hooray for snobs everywhere!","rating":"9\/10","date":"25 April 2007"}
{"title":"You will want to watch this again and again","review":"I started watching this series when we moved to Seattle last year. It gets better and better with each Season and each Episode. If you're looking for something light, funny and entertaining than this series is just for you. Frasier is a radio psychiatrist and his younger brother Niles is also a psychiatrist. Their father, Martin Crane, is a retired police officer and lives with Frasier and his health therapist Daphne Moon. Then there is Roz at the radio station who is Frasier's producer. All of them together make the perfect comedy. Its witty, hilarious and at times rib tickling. You will want to watch it again and again. What is also funny that Frazier seems to get younger with each passing season.","rating":"9\/10","date":"12 April 2016"}
{"title":"\"Hello Seattle, I'm Listening\"","review":"After all of these years, I can say that Frasier has actually improved and gotten funnier. Most shows that are creative and funny the first couple of seasons run out of material (I personally think that Malcolm in the Middle is headed down this path, it's a great show, but they are running out of ideas), and just fade out. Frasier, on the other hand, has actually vastly improved over the past nine years. I have actually grown to like 'Frasier' more over the years. In fact, it is my favorite sitcom, now that I think of it.Before 1998, this show was only second to 'News Radio', (which was my favorite sitcom and 2nd favorite t.v. show) but when the great Phil Hartman died, and Jon Lovitz replaced him, Frazier stepped in, and it is definitely a great replacement. Kelsey Grammer is just magnificent. I'm sure that in writing, Frasier Crane is not very funny, but Kelsey brings him to life and gives him personality and memorable traits (like his singing). What makes Kelsey Grammers's Frasier so great is also how he says things.One of the times I laughed hardest at Frasier was when he was being made fun of on another radio show, and Martin (outstandingly played by John Mahoney) has been laughing at it, but than says to Frasier \"sorry son, but how often is it that you hear our son on the radio?\", and Frasier says in one of the most hilarious tones ever \"I'm on the radio every day!\" The cast is the best on t.v. right now. David Hyde Pierce is just as funny as Frasier with an even more neurotic and snoty little brother, Niles (who I think is the funniest character); Peri Gilpin is also hysterical as Frasiers producer and good friend Roz, John Mahoney (who is probably my favorite character) is Fraziers down to earth, beer drinking, sports fan dad, and, of course, Jane Leeves, as Martin's English, wildly attractive physical therapist and house keeper (who also happens to be Nile's new wife if you don't watch the new ones), who is also my favorite character.This show is usually a little high brow, and generally I don't like ulrta subtle comedies (especially shows like 'Scrubs'), but 'Frasier' is just absolutely hilarious! The chemistry between the characters is also great to watch. It is almost like an adventure to see what kind of crazy situation is going to happen next. This is the *best* spin-off ever, and it probably always will be. This show is only second to 'The Simpsons', which will always hold its place in my heart. I say watch it, but caution to those who don't watch this show regularly, a good deal of the jokes have to do with past episodes. Enjoy!10\/10","rating":"","date":"29 March 2002"}
{"title":"Hop on the Crane train","review":"In a recent conversation that I had, I mentioned that I watched Frasier and liked it. However the person I was talking to said they had considered watching it but were put off from watching sit com spin offs after watching Joey. Balderdash. Do not compare this show with Joey. It has many things Joey lacks, humour being one of them. When you think about all the effort that went into writing the lemon-wrapped-around-a-gold-brick wit that went into this show you can't help feeling a pang of resentment that this show was overtaken by the comparatively soapy Friends. This show was not filmed in front of a studio audience because if it had, nothing would ever be done, the audience would be laughing to much. The sparring matches between Frasier and Niles are incredible. David Hyde Pierce is especially good with the smug little look the Niles so often wears. Another thing is that this show never forgets that it is a sitcom, and sitcoms are not supposed to be realistic, they are supposed to be events that never happen in real life. So catch this show, it will make you think.","rating":"10\/10","date":"19 April 2006"}
{"title":"never gets old","review":"I probably watched this show about 3 times times and each time I found something new that I resonate more and more with fraiser. Great show! totally recommend it!","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 August 2018"}
{"title":"Favourite show","review":"I started watching this show when I was 8 with my parents and even though I didn't fully understand some of the things, the show was still pretty funny. By the time I was 14, I owned the whole series and now 10 years later, I can still watch the show over and over again. This show centres around the relationship between Frasier and his father Martin, after they are forced to live together, because of Martins health. Frasier is hilarious with his overreactions, Martin with his sarcasm, Niles with his OCD, Roz with her sexuality, Daphne with her stupidity and Eddie just for being Eddie. Great family show with lots of laughs and emotion.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 May 2015"}
{"title":"Classic comedy with impeccable high brow writing","review":"This show was great when it came out and stays evergreen watching it in 2018 again.","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 August 2018"}
{"title":"niles","review":"Right from the middle of the second season the show is on fire especially the younger brother , Niles :))))","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 July 2021"}
{"title":"A wonderful show","review":"I caught this show in the middle of the sixth season thanks to my sister earlier this year. As much as I complained for her to change the channel, I can say no words can describe how thankful I am that she didn't.'Frasier' is an excellent show that never failed in having me rolling on the floor in helpless laughter from watching the crazy and sometimes silly situations Frasier or Niles would get themselves into. Kelsey Grammar and David Hyde Pierce are quite the pair. Their chemistry as brothers was just so great and so believable. David Hyde Pierce does a brilliant job with his physical comedy skills and Kelsey Grammar just has amazing moments with his line delivery as well as his skills as a director.The rest of the cast shines as well.John Mahoney is so funny as Martin Crane and Jane Leeves is just so cute and hilarious as Daphne Moon. David and Jane's chemistry was also the thing to watch when Niles and Daphne finally got together in the seventh season. I know a ton of people that have said how it all went downhill from there but I honestly have not noticed it after watching the later episodes. Sure, it was different considering there was no anticipation for Niles about when was he going to get Daphne but it was still good. Peri Gilpin is so fiery and I love Roz's scenes with Fraiser.Although this show may have a few episodes I didn't really care for, I could still find a memorable scene in those episodes.Another thing I must mention is also how the show not only made me laugh but there were a few very sad episodes that were wonderfully put together like 'Rooms With A View' which had me crying. Most sitcoms I have seen whenever attempting a sad episode was never up to par for me but 'Frasier' was as good with the drama as with the comedy.I became a fan two years after the series finale first aired and I think that says quite a lot about the legacy of 'Frasier' and I think it will go on for quite sometime.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 August 2006"}
{"title":"One of the best sitcoms but doesn't get the attention of Friends and Seinfeld","review":"Admittedly, I never really gave this show much of a chance when I was growing up and only decided to after hearing about it being revived for streaming as I wanted to compare them.This one is much better than the new one but I also now consider it on par with Friends and Seinfeld of that era. In particular, the clever dialogue and word play is on another level and they were creative with comedic scenarios, though not to the level of Seinfeld.The characters and actors who played them were also fantastic. I also like that it's set in a city besides NYC and LA (as well as Chicago and Miami). Too many TV shows are set in the same few cities while the US has so many. Each of the main sets were also very appealing, something I think is important for a sitcom but people don't think about it.As for why an 8 and not a 9 or 10, I rarely give out 10s and also rated Friends and Seinfeld as 8. What brought it down most for me, and similar for those shows, especially Friends, was the drop in quality in seasons 8 onward. 8 was particularly bad but from that point on, Frasier and Niles are like absurd caricatures and don't seem realistic at all, especially Frasier. Seasons 3 to 7 are the best, followed by 2, 1, 11, 10, 9, 8.The new series is barely similar to this one. Different city, different characters, only his son is a regular from the original (though played by a different actor). No Niles, Daphne, or Martin (but the actor who played him passed away a few years ago). That said, I think it's still decent, especially after the first few episodes that were pretty rough. My score has nothing to do with the new series though as there is a separate IMDB entry for it.Trivia fact: The actor who plays Martin, John Mahoney, was English, moved to the US at 18 and said he worked on permanently changing his accent to fit in. Similarly, the actor playing Frasier's son Freddy in the new series is an English actor, except he just changed his accent for the show. I would not have been able to tell either were originally from the UK had I not read about it.","rating":"8\/10","date":"8 December 2023"}
{"title":"My favorite show on TV.","review":"I love Kelsey Grammer and David Hyde Pierce. They are both hilarious on the show.  Everyone thinks that after a major climax in a show that it may get boring, but this show could never be boring. The cast is great, the writing is great and the humor is hilarious. I hope that this show is around for many more years.","rating":"","date":"9 December 1999"}
{"title":"A Superb Show","review":"This was a splendid show of smarts. I really enjoyed the direction it was showing. Sheer intelligence for sure!!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 April 2018"}
{"title":"Best entertainment from and with Kelsey Grammer","review":"I really like the series with Kelsey Grammer. Together with Christopher Lloyd, he's my favorite comedy producer. I first saw Chris in the series \"Taxi\" and Kelsey in \"Cheers\". Whereby I always noticed, even in other series, that one of the two was responsible for this or that episode.You have to understand why Germans like me appreciate them so much. It is sometimes difficult to shape the humor in such a way that it is internationally competitive. Grammer and Lloyd have a natural sensitivity for this. Also as actors. Although I have to say that Americans are actually the better actors. There aren't many series that I like from a German pen. Because you always realize that the actors are just pretending. They lack the naturalness of realistic scenes. American actors, on the other hand, always act as if they were born for this or that role.However, the Frasier series has a decisive disadvantage for me. I buy series and make non-stop editions of them. This means that since I watch many episodes in one go, I cut out the opening and closing themes. Unfortunately, I cut out a lot of the credits from Frasier, because the scenes with the credits are drowned out by a horrible screaming throughout all the seasons, which is probably supposed to be a song. I'm certainly not going to put myself through this torture permanently.","rating":"9\/10","date":"21 February 2024"}
{"title":"I love this show","review":"I see it when I young and again when I 40 and every time I love it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"28 March 2021"}
{"title":"The most wit I have ever seen in a TV show","review":"It wasn't until New Year's Eve of 2008 that I saw an episode of Frasier (RDWRER) and understood it :) Since then, I was hooked. If I haven't seen them all yet, I have seen most of them. What eludes me about this show is that it has been on for eleven years, yet each and every episode between 1993 and 2004 is so witty I doubt any other show can mimic it. The episodes include small details at the beginning or at the beginning of a situation, then something catastrophic happens involving said details, and the chaos that ensues is so hilarious many of the episodes are worth saving on the DVR. Some jokes are tossed in every now and again (and the jokes are no less witty than the plot) and they are always funny and always keep things interesting. Whether you are a certified genius or the average person, Frasier entertains. Do not watch this show unless you intend to pay attention to it throughout (and don't worry, it's worth it). I love this show because it's funny, witty, sophisticated, realistic (despite the wealth and lifestyles of many of the characters), and because my friends and family say I'm just like Frasier and his brother, Niles :)","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 July 2009"}
{"title":"Frasier the character played by Kelsey Grammer, is just not funny in my opinion.","review":"This American comedy has a lead played by Kelsey Grammer who in my opinion overacts to try and equal his brother Niles, played superbly by David Hide Pierce who is naturally funny.Peri Gilpin plays Roz, and its her antics in this show that make my viewing worthwhile, and she superbly funny along side Niles Cane, these two in my opinion hold this show together.The writing for each character is superb, but the audience laughter at the antics of Frasier Crane, often make me cringe.I do like the show, but its not Frasier Crane's show, its the Niles and Roz show. I enjoy the banter between Niles and Roz, both trying to outdo each other with their one liners, their scripts are always top notchDavid Hyde Pierce plays Niles Crane to the hilt every time he appears just by standing still doing nothing.All other cast members are terrific. Frazier Crane the character is arrogant, self centered, egotistical, full of himself, selfish, pompous, and sex mad, he is also shallow like the character of Roz, which is why they get on well together, neither can see themselves. Jane Leeves as Daphne Moon, and the late John Mahoney who played Frasier and Niles father, kept trying to bring both his sons down to earth.","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 March 2022"}
{"title":"Good show, but don't take it too serious","review":"I have enjoyed the Frasier show many times.When you watch the series from the start, you can enjoy each personality and their entanglement.I will not reveal the plots, just sit back en enjoy the show.The actors are good, and I will rate them in this order:1: John Mahoney and Moose as Martin Crane and Eddie\n2: David Hyde Pierce as Niles Crane\n2: Jane Leeves as Daphne Moon\n2: Peri Gilpin as Dr. Niles Crane\n2: Tom McGowan as Kenny Daly.2: Dan Butler as Bulldog Briscoe.2: Bebe Neuwirth as Dr. Lilith SterninN: And at the very last place is Kelsey Grammer as Dr. Frasier Crane.Apparently he used his own style and only practiced a\nscene once? Unfortunate, to me, and maybe many others, it does come over the screen like you try to hard. The body language comes as 2 steps to loud on the volume button, like someone who try to hard. No finesse, like an actor on a stage trying to make a face that can be seen on the very back end in a big theater and not on a tv screen. Beside that, it also gives the impression of being in a rush, which might be a plus for the character, but not for the acting.That is the only negative point I have to the series, but as Frasier is the main character I can't give it a 9 or 10 due to the acting!","rating":"8\/10","date":"17 December 2021"}
{"title":"If only all spin-offs were this good.","review":"Frasier is the best kind of comedy you can get. It had a great ensemble cast with all the characters getting their fair share of good lines.Frasier is all the more remarkable when you consider that it's a spin-of. I actually prefer it to Cheers (though it still think Cheers is good).I particularly like the relationship with Frasier and Niles, especially in the episode where they try to write a book. When they spend all night in the hotel you learn a lot about their characters.Frasier had an amazing range of characters, i think Frazier and Niles are the only two characters with a large number of similar traits.The show is very well observed. You can relate to at least one of the characters.","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 February 2007"}
{"title":"Best sitcom out there!","review":"Who would have thought that a spinoff would ever surpass the original show? Yet \"Frasier\" has done just that.  It has reached heights of comedy that even \"Cheers\" never reached.  From Frasier's huge ego to Niles's many phobias to Martin's common sense (mixed in with a good deal of nonsense) to Roz's date problems to Daphne's frustrations at being treated like a servant...And those are just the main characters!  Don't forget a great supporting cast with members such as Bulldog, Gil, Kenny, and of course, Eddie the dog.Add all these characters together and you have a sitcom more than worthy of \"Seinfeld's\" old slot.-Thanos6PS If you like this, check out Mystery Science Theater 3000!","rating":"","date":"21 January 2000"}
{"title":"One of the best sitcoms ever written","review":"\"Frasier\" successfully dispels the theories of spin-offs being worse than the source material.I loved \"Cheers\" but I loved \"Frasier\" even more, and now I weep at the fact that is has gone off the air, and I must survive on reruns (which are still very entertaining) The secret to \"Frasier\" was the exceptional, intelligent writing that characterized every single episode. The authors were unafraid to reference classic literature and art, and relatively obscure intellectual pursuits. The dialog of Kelsey Grammar and David Hyde Pierce was full of razor sharp witty remarks, clever retorts, and the actors behind these lines put forth a passion that made each and every episode an absolute pleasure to watch.John Mahoney, Peri Gilpin, and Jane Leeves were also excellent, perfectly molding into their respective roles. They conveyed the awkward, yet loving relationship we all have with our families, and they all, with the exception of Peri Gilpin (which is a shame) were rewarded with Emmy nominations.\"Frasier\" holds a character that we don't see anywhere today in modern television and film. The series was groundbreaking, explored a wealth of themes central to the human condition, and still remained one of the most enjoyable shows to watch.","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 June 2008"}
{"title":"Amazing Show That is Actually Funny","review":"I started watching this show because I am a HUGE Cheers fan and was really sad to see that show end. Here is Frasier: the continuing story of everyone's favorite psychiatrist. First, whoever chose the rest of the highly talented actors on this show better have gotten a lot of money for doing so because they are what make this show as great, funny, and memorable as it is. Kelsey Grammar and David Hyde Pierce actually look and sound like they're brothers. Second, this show is actually funny. There are SOOOO many new television shows these days that have the nerve to call themselves \"comedy\" when instead they are over-the-top cheesy acting disasters that make fools of the people who play them and have you wondering \"how could anyone perform something as cheesy and pathetic as that without getting paid a lot of money\". Third, there is not a single episode that I don't like. Some of them of course are not as good as others but there has always been at least one line or one scene in each episode that has made me literally laugh-out-loud. I was very sad to see this classic show end. This is one television comedy that I will continue to see on DVD and television again and again and again!","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 September 2008"}
{"title":"Includes The Complete Series DVD Set Review.......","review":"The Good= To Start off I Really Loved the DVD Set I Absolutely Love the Artwork all around the Set Itself from the Back Cover To The Front Cover everything. And that Spin oh that Lovely Spin I Absolutely Love the Spine on both Haves of the Complete Series DVD Set. I haven't said this for any Spin of any kind, and in this case the Artwork on the Spin is made to look like the Spine on A Book or a Novel with each Half of the Series being Deferent Colors. However I must Admit I do have one Grip about this Set Though but I'll save that for the Negative Part of my Review.And now that's out of the way it's time for the Series itself Review which is what You're hare for. To begin I'm not sure if you would consider both Roz and Daphne a Perfect Role Models for Little Girls Good Role Models Maybe but Perfect Role Models I Don't I'll Go that far? Yes they are Both Strong Independent Beautiful Smart Furious Women that Aren't Afraid to Speak their Minds, but at the same time one of them has a Reputation Sleeping around and is Proud of it which eventually led her to becoming a Single Mom, while that other is just Simply Eccentric all the while with Mommy Issues. But at the same time they both have Good Hearts. Then the next thing that I like is that like about this show is all of the Guest Stars that they had through out the Series I enjoyed seeing most of them. Another Amazing that I Love about this Show is that unlike most Sitcoms this Show doesn't have Bloopers or just A Blank Screen for the End Credits. Instead for almost every single End Credits, Aside from every Single Season Finally on Frasier they have the Aftermath of whatever the Events Went on during that Episodes, I think that so Unique as I have Not Seen that Before very Much especially in Sitcoms.You Know this show never Fails to put a Smil on my face even if I'm not watching it, that rarely happens to me I can't remember the last time that it happened. Then Next is that I Loved how they have a Lot of Stand Out Episodes In My Opinion. Yes some of them are Predictable but also In My Opinion they are still enjoyable to watch. Such as Yes Most if not all of Frasier's Dates do end up the exact same way. But the question was always not 'Well It Work Out?' No The Question was always 'How Well Frasier Screw It Up?' Then thing that I Loved Best About this Show is that Behind all of the Laughter Behind all of the Zaniness Behind it all there's something more, I won't say what just in case you want to find out for yourself but if watched any if the episodes you probably could figure out what that is. Another Good thing about this Show with it being a Spin Off Show it doesn't Require you to watch the Show that this show is Sun Off From, and in this Case it's Cheers. Even if you haven't seen Cheers like myself that wouldn't matter not even in the episodes that they have Cheers Characters Showing up as the Episode's Guest Stars, as they don't go too heavily on what went on in Cheers. Only a Mention or two just enough as they don't want to both Bore the Audiences that watched Cheers or Over Whelm the Audiences that haven't. They only Naturally explain to you why that Cheers Character came for a Visit fallowed by a Brief Paragraph of their time in Cheers.Although I Understand most of the Historic and Opera References that Frasier and Niles makes through out the show. But I don't really mind as one it is Part of their Characters and two it gets me thinking about the Reference and maybe do a little Research of that Historical Figure or that Opera that the two of them just Referenced. And the same Goes for whenever they use Big Words that they used through out the series. I also enjoyed how Deferent Martian is from his two sons Frasier and Niles as to show that both Frasier and Niles are just simply Carbon Copies of their Father Martine. Moving on to the Two Part Series Finally I'm so Glade Unlike Most Other Sitcom Series Finalise it doesn't End in Either and or A Fake Out or a Laugh Track. It Actually Ended really meaningfully, they could have ended with the Plain that Frasier is on have some kind of Engine Trouble and Truing Back to Seattle where the Series Took Place. But no they didn't instead they actually have Frasier Landing in the City where he's Supposed to be according to the Pilot's Announcement on the PA. And Speaking of the Series Finally After watching it made me wanting more so much so I wanted just One More Season it's all I'm asking for was just one more Season from his Show, and I also Loved that Poetic Fair Well Speech that Frasier Quoted, to Not Only Say Goodbye to Us His Audience but also to Say Goodbye to his Radio Listeners as well, I thought that was not only Poetic but also Beautiful. I enjoyed how they sort of made a mini Arc out of Niles and Daphne's Romance Instead of having them Fall in Love with each other in the First Few Seasons or what ever, Instead they waited Until Half the Series for them to Finally Admit their Love for Each Other.And I also Love all of the Locations and Sets that They Had through out the Series I also Like how not all episodes are the same, and Unless I'm Missing anything Else That should be it for the Good Section.The Bad= As Much as I Loved this Show I do still have a Few Gripes for this show. The First you remember when I said I have a Gripe about the Full Series DVD Set? Well hare it is I just Hate how all of the Discs in that Set are Stacked on Top of Each Other by Twos, but at least All of the Discs aren't in Cardboard Sleeves. Which for me is Worse.Then moving on to Guest Stars I may have Liked Most of them, but there are quit a few that I'm not too Particularly Fond of. With the Biggest one being Mel, I Found her being Bossy Loud Obnoxious and Manipulative and oh did I also Mention Self Centered it's all about her and Her Self Viewed Good Image, and on top of all of that she is Annoying just to name some of her Good Qualities. It's gotten to the point where I couldn't Stand to Watch any of the Episodes with her in it. This Next one is bit of a Nip Pick and that is out of the Three Halloween Episodes I just feel that only one of them Feels like an actual Halloween Episode Sadly. As the others just didn't have the Usual Halloween Scenery that you would expect from a Halloween Theme Episode from a Sitcom. I also hate the Fact that Daphne had the same Feelings for Niles the same way how Niles had Feelings for Daphne the whole time. It felt Rushed with a Dash of a Quick Fix. It was Literally.Niles= \"Daphne I've always wanted to tell you this but well...you know.... I'm In love with you\"Daphne= \"I Know you I've known all this time and I'm In Love with you Too. I have been all of this time, but the Timing was not right and now I'm getting Married to someone else tomorrow.\"What? Huh? Where's the anticipation? Where's the hesitation? Where's the \"Sorry I Don't Feel the same way About you at least Not right now anyways maybe in the Future\"? Where's all of that? They Still had Six Seasons Left to have both Daphne and Niles to Truly Fully Fall In Love With Each other and Get Married and Get Pregnant And Have a Baby Together.And speaking of Hateful Characters although I have no Problem with the character of Bob Bulldog Briscoe, although I understand it's not really Fault it's the Material that he's been Given. And that is there are a Couple of moments that I Personally Find Really Offensive. And those are. The First is when Bob Bulldog 'Promoted' that Chinese Restaurant on his Radio Show. Well at least Roz sort of Defended us a little bit by suggesting that they might get Sued after what Bob Bulldog did. And the Second time was when Bob Bulldog was Down Right Rude to all of his Callers. I didn't Mind him doing all of those other things but those Two things that I Mentioned was Really Unforgivable. And to tell you the Truth I'm not sure how I feel about Maris Niles being always Unseen, in one hand it kind of feels like a Gimmick but on the other hand it gives the Characters on the Show to Fully Exaggerate on the in Universe Her, and Unless I'm Missing anything Else that should be it for now.Final Thoughts= Although not really a Deal Breaker and that's why it wasn't in the Negative portion of my Review, I find it Interesting that Only The First Four Seasons Pulse The Final Season are the Only Ones that have any sort of Special Features for the DVD Box Set that I have. And Like wise I'm not sure how I feel about this one Character Noel he's Obese with Two things Roz And Star Trek, and not only that he almost comes off as your Typical Shy Nerd but with out the Shyness Part. I Mean I don't Complete Hate him or anything but at the same time I wished that his Character was not only more than just a One Dimensional Character but also I would have loved to have a bit more Personality to him In My Opinion.","rating":"8\/10","date":"1 September 2022"}
{"title":"The sitcom comes of age.","review":"Frasier is a near-perfectly executed show. It may not be the most popular because it often speaks of a world so venerated and coveted that few members of society can truly relate to the high-brow snobbery of the protagonist and his brother. But the beauty of show is it's approachability... whenever something too elite or prosaic is uttered, you can guarantee that the boys father, Martin Crane (played with precision by John Mahoney) will be there to bring the show back with a blue-collar perspective that deflates the esoteric references with gentle, real-world humour. He is perhaps the most believable ex-cop on screen.Why does the show work? The same reason most good shows work... relatability. Everyone knows a Daphne, a Martin, a Ros or even a Frasier. Although not many of the target audience have worked in show-business or psychiatry, we are at least familiar with the precepts and common themes. What separates Frasier from other, equally great shows is at first twofold; bringing characters beyond reliable stereotypes into unique individuals, and doing everything with high intellectualism without becoming pretentious. With repeated viewings the writing and direction allow us to see shades of ourselves in the characters. I personally enjoy an ice-cold lager, salted snack treats and a big football game on the box as much as Martin Crane, but yet I also enjoy indulging in thought-provoking works of art in the form of great literature and painting, as the Crane sons often do. (Though I do stop short at the opera.) And of course, it shows that under our facades we're not so very different. I feel many shows eschew this last point in favour of bland entertainment. Frasier doesn't.To cut to the point as Martin Crane so often does: it won't make friends of everyone but those that like the mixture will probably count it among the best television shows ever made. The fracturous human psyche and it's perception of reality, satirised for entertainment, is a concept as old as Greek mythology and just as well-executed when the show peaks. I believe many episodes of Frasier will age just as well as one of the coveted vintage wines the Crane boys are so fond of. Here's hoping. 8\/10","rating":"9\/10","date":"5 June 2008"}
{"title":"Golden Comedy","review":"What a great comedy that kept the humor smart and respected the intelligence of the viewer. That is one of several things I love about Frasier, it may not have gotten masses of viewers like Seinfeld but that made me love it even more. The reason is that it made me feel like I was able to have a show that no-one else watched because most shows sell out after they find an audience.One of the funny things is that I actually HATED Frasier when it was on NBC. I always thought it was not funny and just a show-offy type show. But then reruns began airing on lifetime and i have loved it ever since. Its kind of funny how i would watch cheers every day on nick at nite and loved it (Lilith and Frasiers stories were some of the best) and now i hardly ever watch cheers (its rarely televised anymore) and now watch Frasier.Favorite MomentsWhen they have a costume party and Niles dresses as martin is hilarious. Anytime Kelsey sings or tries to act like hes an expert at something Niles and Frasier taking an auto class Just the whole show...definitely give it a chance just once...","rating":"10\/10","date":"28 November 2007"}
{"title":"Best sitcom ever.","review":"Growing up in the era of such great sitcoms like Friends, Seinfeld and Frasier in particular, it's hard to like any sitcom that follows. Deservedly, Frasier is the highest Emmy-winning sitcom in history. Frasier is a spin-off of 80's sitcom Cheers, and follows Dr Frasier Crane's return to his hometown of Seattle to a) care for his retired father Martin and b) helm his very own radio show.The writing throughout the show's 11 seasons is stellar. Dialogue is incredibly witty, and may not appeal to some but is definitely my cup of tea.The show's real gem however is its' cast and how they interact with one another. You can tell (as with the Friends cast) that these are a very close knit group of professionals who really love their job and each other. Each of the main cast brings their own unique brand of comedy into the mix, whether it's through Frasier's ego, Niles' quirkiness, Martin's all American attitude, Roz's cynicism or Daphne's kookiness. None of the supporting cast disappointed either; Bebe Glazer was deliciously evil, Lilith deliciously cold, Gill Chesterton deliciously camp, Bulldog deliciously a jerk, Noel deliciously pervy, and Maris (who never appeared) deliciously..well, Maris! Every actor was flawless.If you haven't watched Frasier yet, do yourself a favour and buy\/watch it. Nothing more to be said. Well done to all those involved in making such a timeless classic.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 June 2016"}
{"title":"Bulldog and the LGBTI community","review":"I like Frasier although I can't say I've seen every episode. Bulldog (Dan Butler) was a minor character standout, and was \"politically incorrect\" (whatever that means) with his jibes against ethnic minorities and women. Rather curiously. The LGBTI community were spared from Bulldog's nasty jibes. Not sure why.","rating":"8\/10","date":"10 May 2021"}
{"title":"Trivia Question","review":"I used to watch Frasier on and off when it was originally on. I've grown to appreciate just how good it was, now that network sitcoms generally are pretty bad. Watching it two episodes a night on Lifetime, I began noticing things that happen in the background, as well as the main action. That leads me to this trivia question, to which I don't know the answer. Who played the employee of Cafe Nervosa in almost all of the episodes in at least Season 7 - 10? He may have been on the show longer than that. He was tall and dark haired. He always seemed to be around when Niles embarrassed himself. He's like a regular character, but as far as I know, never spoke a line. He's not listed in any credits. It's strange that someone could be on a series that long without ever speaking in a scene. They would bring on other actors, not normally shown as characters in Cafe Nervosa, for speaking parts, when called for. It always struck me as strange.","rating":"","date":"4 April 2008"}
{"title":"Bulldog politically incorrect, but one blindspot uncomfortably","review":"It's hard to write a review spanning all the seasons of Frasier, but I remember Jeff Foxworthy's routine \"We don't get the jokes of Frasier\" which highlighted the class distinction between the shows that \"common folk\" watch and the Frasier viewers.I must admit I didn't really like Bob \"Bulldog\" Briscoe as he came across as way too forceful with no subtlety that's a hallmark of Frasier. I'm pleased his character was phased out half-way through the series, and not a moment too soon. Maybe there was one episode where his racism really caused an uncomfortable moment - where he did a horrible Chinese accent to mock a Chinese restaurant commercial on KACL - all on air! You think about it, the Chinese restaurant has paid big bucks to be advertised on KACL and you'd expect they'd get some dignity out of it. But no, Bulldog does the honors and trashes the restaurant. Okay, I get it, Bulldog was politically incorrect. He attacked political correctness. But the blindspot was that Bulldog never seemed to mock LGBTs. Never. Maybe there's an episode where he did, but if Bulldog is so politically incorrect, why were they off limits? I do wonder about this. Maybe an uncomfortable truth.","rating":"8\/10","date":"19 March 2016"}
{"title":"A smart comedy that appeals to both intellectuals and \"normal folk\"","review":"This is a show that reminds us no matter our upbringing, no matter our tastes, not matter our IQ's, education, or purposes in life, we are all human, we all have needs, we all have faults, and we all deserve to be loved......as long as we don't come off as too desperate.Frasier is a wonderful show. We watch two adult narcissistic psychologists, trapped in their conceited, materialistic world much influenced by the French (for some reason), who were raised by a gritty, down-to-earth law-enforcing father, are forced back into the coliseum of character, when Frasier takes it upon himself to allow his father to live with him.A British medical & personal aid is hired, a dog is adopted, certain chairs are begrudgingly accepted, worlds collide, and hilarity ensures. Part of the fun is dependent on the vast majority of the audience not directly relating to the social and economic statuses of Frasier and his even more eccentric and temporal brother, Niles.We get to laugh at the social struggles of the financial elite. We get to even feel vicariously superior to the main character, Frasier, as it appears that while he is ivy-league trained in the psychology of men, he does not truly understand basic human nature, while the rest of us do, because we are not constrained by high social expectations and financial statuses.But at the same time, we learn from Frasier. Even his brother, Niles. We are humbled because even those of us with little to no higher education, can relate to those with a higher education or IQ, because in the end we are basic humans with basic human needs.It is a brilliant, beautiful, moving, hilarious show. I didn't so much get it as a teenager in the 90's when my father would watch it, but I would like to think I get it now. At least, to a discerning degree.","rating":"9\/10","date":"20 October 2023"}
{"title":"What a cast, what a writing, what a show! Perfect!","review":"Every time I watch FRASIER, I ask myself, where are the bad episodes? Don\u00b4t understand me wrong, I\u00b4m glad that there are no bad ones. But it\u00b4s unbelievable, just like THE SIMPSONS (until their ninth season) no bad episodes, only good and perfect shows. I mean, the writing is outstanding. The relationships between the different characters are so believable, it is unbelievable. For example, the Niles Daphne romance. It was so well developed from the start to finish, that one must stand up and cheer. They were not just a couple from one to the next episode, the writers developed their love story slowly and absolutly convincing. And I think, I\u00b4m not the only viewer who is happy that the two finally got together. But what makes FRASIER so outstanding? I think it is also the setting. We don\u00b4t watch a middle class family, handling their money problems or caring for their bad kids ala SIMPSONS or toilett humor ala MARRIED WITH CHILDREN. What we see instead is a high society family worrying about getting a seat in the opera or getting elected chairman of a vine club. That is something fresh and new. And last but not least the cast. Just like CHEERS, the cast is perfect. Kelsey Grammer is off course the star, Niles, Daphne and Martin are so well portrait by their actors, that you must fall in love with them. FRASIER just is a must see, don\u00b4t miss it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"16 January 2002"}
{"title":"the best Spin-off EVER","review":"This hilarious follow-up to \"Cheers\" featured the further adventures of everybody's favorite self-important egotistical shrink Dr. Frasier Crane played superbly by Kelsey Grammar. The Doc moves back to Seattle and finds himself having to let his father, Martin (John Mahoney) to move in with along with Martin's new slightly out of whack \"physcic\" physical therapist Daphne, whom his brother, Niles is falls hopelessly n love with. Now an on-air personality at a local radio station, we follow Frasier, family & friends on their day to day neurotic adventures, finding themselves in one scape or misunderstanding after another. And perhaps we'll see a few old friends from \"Cheers\" as well ;)This show was frequently laugh out loud funny, brilliantly acted, and superbly executed in plot for 11 glorious seasons. I actually felt a part of me die as the show left the airwaves. Being a youngster when \"Cheers\" debuted, I grew up with the character of Frasier Crane, now as a man, he was going to be leaving, that made me sad. Only more so because this show could stand head and shoulders with \"Cheers\" any day of the week. Such witty situations, hilarious wordplay, and brilliantly conceived well-rounded characters were sadly so very rare during most of the time it was on (this and \"Seinfeld\" were pretty much it).Spin-offs didn't have any right to be as wonderful as this one was. But i'm so very grateful for it.My Grade: A+","rating":"9\/10","date":"11 October 2005"}
{"title":"Only Thing Missing Is the Cheers Cast!","review":"That is why that I give it 9 out of 10. As really at first, I did not like Frasier Crane on Cheers. But then his character began to warm up on me. As his character began to develop.As he moves from the Boston MA \"Cheers\" team and reinvents himself as a talk show host. In Seattle WA in order for him to start all over again. As he does that with the help of his seemingly stuffy but dry witted younger brother Niles, played by David Hyde Pierce.Plus also his retired cop father who is nothing like the sons. And is more of a crusty yet funny John Mahoney. With the help of also female leads as Jane Leeves who takes care of the Frasier men as maid and Peri Gilpin as love interest of Frasier's.Frasier must start all over again. And try to get in touch with his family. Really has helped the character developed well. And we see his human side. Miss the Cheers cast but glad he got his own show!","rating":"9\/10","date":"28 July 2013"}
{"title":"Wow, this exceeded expectations!","review":"I am shocked. It seemed a little weak early on, and to be honest, my expectations were low. Hard to recapture the magic on a remake of such a great series. When I heard it was largely a new cast I really wondered how it would hold up. Brilliant really. I think Kelsey Grammar could carry a lot of weight in any series, but I wondered if he could resurrect the humor of Cheers and Frasier #1. 100% well done. I sure hope they keep this one going. All of the actors except Kelsey Grammar seemed a little shaky early on, but they found their footing from episode 3 on. The dynamics are great. It's a great foundation to build upon.","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 November 2023"}
{"title":"Often As Subtle As A Falling Safe On Your Head","review":"Fraiser is an acquired taste, and if you like it, you will absorb it. If you don't like it you will be extremely annoyed. The formula is pretty much the same for the entire series.Supposedly a spin off from Cheers, the only thing really spun from that series is Kelsey Grammar's character and a few occasional guest shots by other actors that were on the other show. The setting is in Seattle, Washington where Fraiser Crane has landed after his divorce from Cheers. Dr. Crane is doing a radio psychiatrist show which very much gets it idea from the movie Sleepless In Seattle.David Hyde Pierce as Faisers brother Niles is cast perfectly as he and Grammar play off each other well. John Mahoney shows off his talent as both of their dads. This show also features 2 good looking women who can keep you watching, indeed. Daphne & Roz are both quite well put together and talented.Though often the focus of the show is at Fraiser's Apartment, it does have some good episodes at the radio station and Niles apartment. There are times when you watch enough of these, that you will know as soon as it starts what is going to happen.While the show is not perfect, it was very successful on NBC for a long time. It was on long enough that 2 different dogs played Eddie. Interestingly enough, there are not a lot of shows which show rain which is a staple in the real Seattle. That's because these guys only borrowed the city as a setting, and never really lived there.","rating":"8\/10","date":"17 March 2009"}
{"title":"Simply Hilarious","review":"Frasier is the 2ed best show ever made. The one show that is better than it is Cheers,which it is 'spun-off' from. Frasier is a show that revolves around the pompuse psychiatrist Dr. Frasier Crane [Kelsey Grammer] and his family and friends. His elderly father, Martin Crane [John Mahoney] lives with him as well as his father's semi-phsycic, psyical therepist Daphne Moon [Jane Leeves]. His neurotic, snotty brother, Dr. Niles Crane [Davis Hyde Pierce], and his good friend and co-worker Rozilinda 'Roz' Doyle [Peri Gilpin] provide problems and companion ship for him. Dan Butler was also on the series but quit in the 6th season, he played the manly sports caster Bob 'BullDog' Brisco. Bebe Neuwirth also makes appearances as his ex-wife, Dr. Lilith Sternin. This is one of the greatest comedies and will be around for along time. I can't see how some people say Seinfeld is better than Frasier...Seinfeld sucks...","rating":"","date":"5 April 2002"}
{"title":"Funny, except.....","review":"This is a revised review. This sitcom is funny overall. However, here is my opinion. Both Frasier and Niles are pompous. They drink sherry every day. Have you tasted sherry. Not flavorful. Also, both of of them are Psychiatrists. Why? John Mahoney is kinda funny. My three favorites: Peri Gilpin, Jane Sleeves, and Anthony La Plagia when he plays Simon.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 September 2020"}
{"title":"I Love Frasier......But","review":"I Love The Show Frasier.....But The Character Daphne Was A Annoying Person, She Buts Into People's Business & She Blabs What People Are Talking About & Say The Stupidest & Dumbest Things & Niles Has A Big Crush On Her & Niles Is Nuts For Liking A Person Like Daphne Cause She Won't Mind Her Own Damn Business!!\nIn One Episode she poked her nose into niles's stuff cause of some woman had a thing for him, I wish that woman would've gotten niles away from daphne!\nI Liked When Niles Got Angry At Daphne For Poking Her Nose & Going to see that woman, It Shows How insecure Daphne really is!But I Like The Show Its Funny!","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 August 2019"}
{"title":"Intellectual Stimulation","review":"After years on a diet of Sienfeld, Everybody Loves Raymond and Becker I was recently introduced to Frasier.Frasier is humour at its most subtle. The comedy is cleverly scripted, and the characters are loveable and deep down very caring. I have never enjoyed a television show so much since the days of MASH (before the repeats.An avid Frasier fan.","rating":"","date":"30 August 2002"}
{"title":"Still Excellent","review":"I started following the series, \"Frasier,\" when I was only 8 years old. To this day (10 years later) it remains my favorite. This sitcom follows Dr. Frasier Crane (Kelsey Grammer) and the other minors characters. I find this show to be light and funny. I recommend it to all who want a good laugh and a purely awesome piece of writing.","rating":"","date":"25 November 2003"}
{"title":"Just great","review":"This is great for two reasons. One, it has the same humor of Cheers. Two, it's smart. This show is the kind of show that's funny because it is. Some people don't like show because it's smart and they try to hard to understand it. Despite what some think, this show is very worthy of the Seinfeld's old thursday slot.","rating":"","date":"5 January 2000"}
{"title":"The Crane brothers","review":"Frasier is a sitcom about a radio psychiatrist Frasier Crane, played by Kelsey Grammer, Frasier's brother Dr.Niles Crane, played by David Hyde Pierce and their retired policeman father Martin Crane, played by John Mahoney.Frasier has to suffer living with his father and his stupid dog.Then there's also Martin's little helper Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves) in the house hall.The show tells about Frasier's problems with family, with women and with lots of other stuff.Frasier is a very funny situation comedy show.","rating":"","date":"11 November 1999"}
{"title":"Unbeatable spinoff.","review":"After the end of \"Cheers\" NBC took the only supporting character of the show who could sustain a good spinoff, and \"Frasier\" delivered (and still does deliver). Basing a show on a psychiatrist and his attempts to rationally understand the confusing events of his life was one of the most original things NBC ever did (even if it had begun on \"Cheers\"). Where \"Frasier\" stands above all of its contemporary shows, including \"Seinfeld\" while it was on the air, is in its cast. Of course, the character of Frasier Crane (Kelsey, of course) was altered a bit for \"Frasier\" to make him a more suitable leading man (he's not as bold, blunt or mentally sharp as he was in \"Cheers\"), but he is very intriguing in his attempts to construct a suitable psychological life for himself during unusual times, such as his not-so-close father (John Mahoney) suddenly moving in with him as a result of an injury. Making significant contributions is David Hyde Pierce as his brother, Niles, who is Frasier Crane to the tenth power. Grammer and Pierce have excellent chemistry together and are very believable as brothers (and it doesn't hurt that Pierce now looks a lot like Grammer did in the early 1980s). Although John Mahoney is sometimes a bit annoying in his part, the attempts of the Crane father, Martin, to understand and accept the ways of his sons is absolutely hilarious, and he expresses his confusion in a very unoffensive manner that makes for very pleasant comedy. Adding further dimension to the show is (or now was) the sexual tension between Niles and Martin's \"physical therapist\" Daphne, played with adorable wit by the breath-takingly beautiful Jane Leeves. Though that era of the show is now over, the marriage between Niles and Daphne should be interesting. The character of Roz (single and desperately searching) is a bit flat, but Peri Gilpin makes an excellent little sidekick for Frasier to make harmless fun of. Like all sitcoms, \"Frasier\" has had its share of bad episodes, but when the show is in top form only the best episodes of a classic like \"I Love Lucy\" can stand above it.","rating":"","date":"23 October 2001"}
{"title":"Like all great things...","review":"...they come to an end. This sitcom in its heyday was one of the best I've ever seen. It disabused me of the stereotypical notions we Brits have regarding American humour. Americans have no sense of irony? Ridiculous. This was a great well-written comedy which never plays down to its audience but treats them with intelligence. Until now that is.I haven't bothered watching Frasier since Daphne & Niles got together. That was the first straw; the one which broke the camel's back was how the plots kept being repeated (sibling rivalry...again), and the fact that the actors simply look like they're going through the motions. Frankly, it's a comedy that's beginning to look flat & tired. I recently read a review about one episode where Bebe's half brother suddenly appears. You can tell when a comedy is struggling if they can't manage to squeeze humour from the main characters themselves but have to resort to such tenuous 'guest' appearances.I shall remember its wit with fondness, wonderful episodes such as 'Moondance' and its range of brilliant cameo characters such as Gil & Noel, but, like all good things, it's come to an end and is a shadow of its former self.","rating":"","date":"11 April 2002"}
{"title":"An adult, sophisticated series that undeniably ran out of steam in the final quarter","review":"Network: NBC; Genre: Sitcom, Spin-off; Content Rating: TV-PG (for some suggested adult content); Available on DVD; Classification: Modern Classic (Star range: 1 - 5);Season Reviewed: Complete Series (11 Seasons)\/ Seasons 7 - 11Imagine if \"Frasier\", the entire series, had ended at the end of the 7th season when Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves) skipped out on her wedding and joined Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce) in a Winnebago, the two driving off to places unknown. Of course, Kelsey Grammar would never allow that. That would be acknowledging that the heart and soul that drove this show for the last half decade was not with his lovably pompous, radio psychiatrist Frasier, but in the unrequited love story between his meek brother and his father's physical therapist. No, \"Frasier\" would have to end on Frasier \u0096 and it does 4 years later. In between these two events the show takes a steep decline in quality. Something that if Grammar wasn't so attached to this character (which he had been playing for a decade before on \"Cheers\") he could have put a stop to or course corrected for.Before Ross and Rachael where captivating America with their phony, relationship hoop-jumping antics, the \"will he tell her\"\/\"will she find out\" exploits of Niles and Daphne made for some riveting sitcom tension. The expert skill at which this unrequited love storyline was handled (not dragged out as NBC promos may indicate) was what made \"Frasier\" so much a cut above other sitcoms. In addition, the premise of the show is a gutsy one: to bring to the networks an American version of an old-fashioned British comedy of manners about a group of neurotic elites using their vast cultural and psychological knowledge to understand human relationships and the world around them. Where else will you see wine and opera condescension jokes. There haven't been a lot of those on TV. Ever. And let's not forget Niles' ex-wife, the always-described-of-but-never-seen, and apparently rail-thin, Maris. That show-stopping running gag will later become a popular gimmick - and get recycled on \"Will & Grace\".\"Frasier's\" best moments where it's quieter conversational dialog. It's priceless bits are too numerous to mention. This, as opposed to the frantic episodes that began to take over in the show's later years in which the characters ran frantically from door to door and making assumptions based on easily cleared up mistakes and double entendres. The show became a little absurd, embarrassingly over the top and seemed more like a \"Three's Company\" episode than a high class farce.\"Frasier\" was an unabashedly adult show. And I don't mean that in the vulgar sense young people interpret it as. In it's prime, it was the most sophisticated, methodically paced, comedy on TV. As much as I loved the show in it's formidable years, the last half (marked by the end of the Niles\/Daphnie story) sends the series off the rails. It became to lose steam in a big way and started dragging itself around by the hands, reaching for stories. Niles and Daphnie get married, Daphnie gets pregnant, Frasier looses his radio show (the corner stone of the series), Frasier and producer Roz (Peri Gilpin) sleep together. The lowest of the low points was a hail marry attempt to reclaim attention for the show with a ridiculously melodramatic multi-episode arch in which Niles faced heart problems and underwent surgery.In the middle of it all was the running storyline of Frasier Crane's life seeming to spin out of control and his happiness being flipped on and off like a light switch at the success or failure of his relationships. Most of the time Frasier's flings with numerous guest stars where failures, and not funny sitcom failures, but pathetic failures more in the way that Grace Adler or another sitcom women will mope about for days until you wish they'd just snap out of it. The effeminate Frasier's quest to find \"Mrs. Right\" takes over in the last few years. When the show started spewing out as much romanticized relationship fluff as \"Sex and the City\" I realized that I had lost interest.The acting was always top caliber on \"Frasier\". No matter how silly the story the principle players where always fun to watch. Grammar was excellent, juggling all the quirks, ticks, explosions and unlikable aspects of the character. David Hyde Pierce was outstanding in a real break-out role for him and John Mahoney was almost equally good despite going overlooked the entire run of the series.Speaking of overlooked, history will probably remember this show as an Emmy hogger. Pierce, in particular, not for his robust performance of Niles Crane but for the marathon of Emmy wins he won year in and year out. Obviously, it's not Pierce's fault, but for the Emmy committee to go on autopilot like that and give the prize to him for 4 years while Jason Alexander got nothing for \"Seinfeld\" is a crime impossible not to mention as a footnote in any historical review of this show. This was a fine show for much of it's life, and ended on a classy note, but nobody in the country will miss it more than the Emmy committee who used it as a vehicle to appear sophisticated year after year.* * * * \/ 5","rating":"","date":"12 December 2004"}
{"title":"Analyse This","review":"I never liked Cheers but ever since first tuning in to Frasier i have been a huge fan. The best type of comedy or drama speaks to you directly about situations in your life [as well as making you laugh] and,although it sometimes descends into farce,there is rarely an episode that doesn\"t make me me think. Kelsey Grammer lets everyone have their share of the jokes ad the cast work so well together that you would think they were a real family! Favourite Episodes:the one where Frasier meets his old college mentor who gets him to analyse himself,and the one where Niles tells Daphne he loves her. As a Brit it hurts me to say that British TV comedy has sucked for many years now,and we could never produce anything within a illion miles of Frasier!","rating":"","date":"31 January 2002"}
{"title":"Priceless humor","review":"The very first few times I watched Frasier, I absolutely hated the show. It seemed as though Frasier was always fouling up a relationship, and I detested Niles. But as I watched further, I fell in love with the show. The episodes that won me over, and still remain favorites, include \"Frasier Crane's Day Off\", \"The Innkeepers\", \"The Two Mrs. Cranes\" and, of course, \"Something Borrowed, Something Blue Part 2\". The ironic, witty humor is well-done and the characters are very believable. Frasier has quickly become one of my all-time favorite comedies, and it saddens me that it must share a swan song with Friends. My favorite characters generally are Daphne and Roz, partly because its their jobs to help the Crane boys (especially Frasier) keep their egoes in check. People often ask me what the difference is between Frasier and Seinfeld, and I say: \"Frasier is actually FUNNY!\"","rating":"","date":"17 January 2004"}
{"title":"Simply the best!","review":"I can\u00b4t believe how good this show is! It works amazingly well on every level. The writing is bitingly smart and wicked, and the actors are, in a word, fabulous! My personal fave is Niles, whose love for Daphne is something out of this world; it is so sweet how he longs for her....A fine example of the unbelievably funny episode is the one where Frasier asks Tom for dinner and tries to pair him with Daphne...Just thinking of that mess makes me smile!","rating":"","date":"29 May 2000"}
{"title":"Thanks Frasier","review":"Dear all, Now in Spain we have seen the last episode of Frasier. After 11 seasons, I just want to say THANKS...thanks to the creators of this great TV series, thanks to the actors that made us laugh every week, and thanks to all the people that made possible to keep this story alive for so long time.From now I will really miss these little great moments every week, watching Frasier adventures. Again thanks for these moments...and a little question, Does anyone know if there will be in the near future new TV series about Niles, Daphne and their son???? It would be great...","rating":"","date":"25 February 2006"}
{"title":"A truly sophisticated show","review":"I am not a big fan of TV.  As a matter of fact, there are only a few shows I care to watch on a regular basis.  One of them, maybe the first one, is Frasier.  Although the show is based on comedy, there's much more in it. All the actors and actresses, from Kelsey Grammer to Moose perform brilliantly.  There were times I'd thought \"that's it, it can not be better\", yet the crew managed to outperform themselves within the next couple of episodes.  All the wisecracks and quotes are very high quality, which entitles this show to be called a \"really sophisticated\" artwork.","rating":"","date":"21 January 1999"}
{"title":"One of the only intelligent shows on the air today","review":"This is one of the few truly well written shows on TV today!In a sea of mind numbing shows aimed at the lowest common denominator, Frasier is clever and intelligent.  Somehow it mixes its cleverness with enough fodder for the common viewer that it survives, even thrives.Take it from someone who has become dismayed with the sea of stupidity out there; this show is worth watching!","rating":"","date":"6 November 2001"}
{"title":"A real winner","review":"Frasier is probably the second greatest spin-off of all time (The Simpsons is #1). The show is just so witty and brilliant. All the characters are great. Frasier, arrogant and conceited, Niles, snobby and meticulous, Martin, all-American and sarcastic, Daphne, wacky and warm-hearted, Roz, friendly and sex-crazed, and Bulldog, morally embarassing and loud.These 6 characters, brilliant writing and all kinds of humour make you realize you have a winner.It comes very close to its predecessor, Cheers, but doesn't quite reach Cheers' greatness due to Cheers being more loveable and memorable.","rating":"","date":"17 March 2004"}
{"title":"Excellent Sitcom","review":"Frasier is unlike any other sitcom on television. The jokes are clever, and the plots are well thought. Frasier is not for everybody, you either like it or you don't.","rating":"","date":"28 June 1999"}
{"title":"I LOVE IT!!","review":"Frasier is definetly one of the greatest show I've ever seen. I love that show. I don't quite know everthing yet, but I keep watching the reruns. My favorite character is Niles. I love how he is so proper and always dusts off the chair when he comes in to Cafe Nervosa. My other favorite character is Roz. She is really funny, and she is never afraid to do what she wants. Frasier is a great show.","rating":"","date":"16 August 2002"}
{"title":"Lots of Fun.","review":"Frasier is awesome. One of the greatest TV characters ever. It's amazing how you can probably watch a re-run from his first season on Cheers and watch new episodes from Frasier notice how little he's changed in almost 20 years. Until I started to watch Cheers for a while, I had no idea he was on Cheers because Frasier was so well done that they didn't need to keep talking about Cheers all the time.The rest of the cast is equally good. Unlike Diane and Rebecca; it seems like the women in this show; Daphne and Roz are much more 3 dimensional and interesting. Martin always has the goods and Niles is as great as Frasier.Frasier does what I have never seen a \"spinoff\" do before; stand on it's own from the show it came from.","rating":"","date":"1 February 2002"}
{"title":"One of the best of the decade!","review":"Frasier, along with Friends and Seinfeld is the best sitcom of the '90s, this show is wonderful, the acting is superb, the writing is some of the best of any sitcom ever, the direction is great as well, this show is hilarious but smart and sophisticated and classy as well, the cast is great and the chemistry between Grammer and Hyde-Pierce is great as the snobbish Crane brothers, one of my favorite episodes is the Ski Lodge that won the Emmy for best writing. If you are looking for sophisticated, hilarious high brow humor, this one is perfect for you.","rating":"","date":"11 July 2000"}
{"title":"Only the best series ever!","review":"Thank God that Paramount in the UK show Frasier every night so I can watch it over and over again.  David Hyde Pearce steals the show as Niles Crane, the extremely witty, acid tongued brother of Frasier who  delivers his \"put downs\" with his chin in the air and the wide eyed innocence of a naughty school boy.  His unrequited love for Daphne has driven me to  laughter and tears over the years, but drove me to even more tears in the last episode - I do hope he wasn't dreaming!  Together, Niles and Frasier are a pair of utter snobs and will go to any lengths to outdo one another (and the rest of Seattle), whether it be at an auction or buying their father a present he doesn't really want. ( All Martin really wants is his beer and his green nylon reclining chair by the TV).Not only is this series extremely clever and most probably contains some of the best dialogue every written, it also has a leaning towards slapstick which again works exceptionally well, especially if you know the characters. Situations spiral out of control time and time again the outcome sometimes blatantly obvious, the  twisting path there bringing the laughs.All the characters are fab especially Martin - the dad who simply analyses people and situations in seconds, whilst Frasier and Niles are busy over complicating everything.  A special mention to Eddie  the Jack Russell who I believe made it onto the front cover of Newsweek  before any other cast member - a very cool pooch!I can't really specify any one episode as they have all been so brilliant, but watch out for the one in which Frasier writes his own grandscale theme tune - again Martin's simplicity wins through. Also, the one where he invites his new boss for dinner as a date for Daphne, unfortunately he has eyes for Frasier, another great example of double entrende throughout.My only criticism of this series is the \"English\" accents - they're not quite right!! Not everyone in England talks with a Cockney accent especially Daphne's brother as he is supposed to be from Manchester!!  Still, a fabulous series which I hope continues to be  strong for another few years. Frasier will make you laugh and cry, your heart will ache for Niles you will be exasperated with Frasier himself  and intensely dislike Bulldog. The greatest tragedy would be for  Frasier to become stale and embarrassing, a series this intelligent and poignant deserves to end on a very high note.","rating":"","date":"28 December 2000"}
{"title":"Everything You Want In A Sitcom","review":"This show is great! I love the cast and the writing. Kelsey Grammer really lights up the screen. There is never one moment where you dont laugh. This is definetly a great show and its been on for a while yet its still fresh and funny. They will be starting their 10th season this fall. I sure hope its not the last. Plus you can see reruns at 11 p.m. on Fox. So watch \"Frasier\" Tuesdays at 8 on NBC.","rating":"","date":"21 July 2002"}
{"title":"Big disappointment. How could it win so many Emmy's?","review":"The one thing i don't like about this show is the story lines that involve some kind of misunderstanding and that is probably 90% of the episodes if not more. Everybody is a fool of some sort when it comes to figuring things out. An example is when Frasier goes to Niles' apartment and finds Daphne there. He immediately assumes that they slept together. He doesn't even bother to ask straight out if it's true. It seems that is the gimmick that is supposed to be so hilarious.I recently made a commentary about the show Cheers and I forgot to mention the character Frasier Crane on that show. Mistake. Frasier was a much more funny character on that show. He could make fun of himself. In one episode he actually said: \"God, what a pompous ass I am. Such self knowledge is completely erased in the character here. He screws up again and again but still he can't stop interfering in other people's business. His brother, Niles, is actually supposed to be smarter than Frasier but he becomes a blithering idiot every time he comes near Daphne, the Physio-Therapist who lives with Frasier to mind his dad, Martin. Daphne doesn't seem to notice Niles' crush on her. (Did somebody say Ross and Rachel). So who is the bigger idiot? No contest. They are all equal to put it nicely.Then there is Roz, an outsider. She is only the producer on Frasier's radio-show (the word radio-show is only mentioned 100 times in each episode). She has some smarts but she is totally obsessed with finding the right guy or any guy at all. That doesn't make her an idiot but it is still not very funny. Martin, the dad, is supposed to be the down-to-earth type but goes into a hissy fit if somebody tries to change his life, even for the better. I know I am probably being unfair here but I really got sick of this show very fast. Thank god for the off-switch.","rating":"","date":"21 March 2005"}
{"title":"Smart and Funny","review":"This has got to be one of the best shows, definatley one of the best spin offs.  The whole cast is terrific.  The characters are interesting and funny and the writing is superb.  My favorite character is Niles, because he is just so funny but then again so is everyone else.ALSO  \"Moose\" does a great job of the role of \"Eddie\".","rating":"","date":"17 September 1999"}
{"title":"what the hell is this crap?","review":"This show just needs to end and fast. I don't see the cleverness in this show, just uses the same jokes as friends and Will and grace does. Its utterly boring and just isn't worth the time. The canned laughter is obviously used and isn't used correctly either. Bad show bad stories copied from other shows.","rating":"","date":"2 November 2002"}
{"title":"Probably the most overrated show on TV.","review":"Frasier was an amusing character on the brilliant show Cheers, but he just can't carry a show of his own. It never ceases to baffle me when people tell me that this is the best show there is. When it's good it's above average, and when it's bad it's downright embarrassing to watch.","rating":"","date":"19 March 1999"}
{"title":"Dreadful and pathetic","review":"To me, Frasier is proof of 2 things - (1) People will never get a clue - many, even on this board, seem to think the show is \"intelligent\" and \"hilarious\" - uhhh, were you part of the laugh track they so heinously overuse on the show, or do you work on the show? - It is the most overstylized, pathetic & predicable drivel to appear since Full House. (2) A laugh track (ha ha ha ha) never gets tired (ha ha ha ha)...As much insight and inspiration as a lint ball.  That people get paid to make this cr*p is unbelievable.","rating":"","date":"5 January 2003"}
{"title":"Very entertaining sitcom. One of the best still on!","review":"Many of the actors of the hit series CHEERS that ended years ago, went on to other sitcoms and more or less failed. However, one smart decision on Kelsey Grammar's part was to continue his character. Of course all Cheers fans would love to see a continuation of one of the characters, so that's why Frasier is one of the highest rated shows out there, and here's why it is actually GOOD too!The characters are wonderful. We get a deeper look at Frasier Crane in this sitcom, and now a look at his family as well, his father-JOHN MAHONEY- his brother -DAVID HYDE PIERCE- and many of his friend and ex-es. Another great aspect of this show, is once and a while they have a CHEERS cast reunion, where we see all the old cast members from cheers reuntited.So if it's the humor you're after, Frasier delivers a new, fresh breed. If it's the Cheers you're after, you'll get that as well. So next time you're watching TV, if Frasier's on, watch it. It's a great show! 4\/5 starsJOHN ULMER","rating":"","date":"19 August 2002"}
{"title":"Boring, tedious and very very bad","review":"The whole idea of any show is to create characters that people are interested in . There many be characters that you love or hate, but the main character has to be someone that the viewers love and empatise with. Then we get to frasier crane, a character so loathsome and pretentious that i would only watch the show again if they decided to kill the character. The character is a snob. Because he is a psychiatrist and went to an ivy league school he is better than everyone else. How can you enjoy watching a character like that?!?!But that isn't the only probably, the story lines are weak, the jokes are poor and many shows have the characters in ridiculous slapstick situations that are just so badly done that they make you want to turn of the tv altogether. It is a typical american sitcom, canned laughter seems to be the queue for people to laugh. Treat the audience with some respect, most people can make up their mind and decide what is fun and what should be laughed at, and this show just isn't funny.Very bad even for an american sitcom. The majority of american sitcoms are very bad. The dramas are often great , because they make people thing and they are well written and deal with the harsh realities of real life. The comedys just seem to show the beautiful people in their beautiful lives. Life isn't like this, so why should we be subjected to it on tv","rating":"","date":"11 December 2002"}
{"title":"Second only to Seinfeld","review":"Frasier is a truly funny sitcom. In my opinion it is only surpassed by the now-gone legendary Seinfeld.Frasier is about a man of the same name, a character once on Cheers. He lives with his father Martin and a healthcare worker Daphne from England. His brother Niles visits all the time.Frasier's a radio-show host, where he dispenses psychiatric advice to people who ring in.Enough of this guide - FRASIER ROCKS! It is full of witty comedy, unlike most sitcoms nowadays. It is the classy comedy, if you will.Memorable episodes are the one where Frasier and his colleagues plan a radio drama and his Orson Welles-esque complex doesn't go down well with everyone else. Also memorable is the one celebrating his 1000th radio show (fictional) where a huge celebration is planned for him and he simply can't get there. The ending is quite nice, as he puts someone else's needs ahead of his own.","rating":"","date":"22 September 2001"}
{"title":"Solid, but not in the Cheers class","review":"While Frasier is for the most part adequately written it was definitely not in the same class as Cheers, from which it spun-off, or Seinfeld. It is however, a more mature brand of comedy than most sitcoms such as Friends or Drew Carey. NBC and the viewing public gave this show the nod as a Cheers \"replacement\" along with the much more funny Seinfeld, as it soon scored big ratings. The characters of Frasier and Niles Crane are too close in similarity. While Kelsey Grammer is an excellent actor, his Frasier was better in a supporting role rather than a leading.Overall NBC's Frasier is a solid show, but not to the level the ratings would have one believe.","rating":"","date":"9 February 2002"}
{"title":"I Hate This Show!","review":"I know some people don't agree with me but I really could never stand this show, Kelsey Grammer just annoys me so much in this show, it should have never lasted as long as Cheers since Cheers is like the funniest show of all time. The only person who is good in this show is David Hyde Pierce. I think Kelsey Grammer is good at Sideshow Bob and nothing else! I think that most of the stuff in this show just annoys me. Like whats with the titles for the different parts of the show? It gets really annoying after a while. I like Friends way more than this show and Friends, Seinfeld, and Cheers deserve way more Emmy's than this piece of crap! I am sorry if I offended anyone who really likes this show but I just can't stand it!","rating":"","date":"7 August 2004"}
{"title":"Very over-rated and mildly funny.","review":"I have always loved the Frasier Crane character on Cheers and I was happy when I heard he was continuing the character in another show. I did find Frasier amusing at first, but I lost interest after the third season. I never understood what all the hoopla was about. It doesn't seem to have what made Cheers great, and personally, I think that Wings (which was created by the same people who created Frasier) is a lot more funny and more enjoyable to watch than Frasier is.","rating":"","date":"7 December 2002"}
{"title":"The best comic writing on TV right now","review":"Frasier has the best comic writing on TV right now. The situations are well-fleshed out and the characters arent just mouthing smart, \"witty\" one liners, unlike say that intolerable \"will and grace\". The show is also very informed of comic conventions. The episode where Niles burns his pants on the ironing board was a marvel of silent physical comedy on tv. There was another show that was structured around tenessee williams and film noir themes: hot days and frustrated sweaty people in psychologically morbid and tortured situations.  My favourite episode is the one where Frasier dreams of Gil Chesterton walking into Frasier's cheap motel room in a bath towel out of the shower. Then there;s the one with Guy the french gay ski instructor and the comedy of errors that takes place at their log cabin in a ski resort. And also the one about Dr. Mary, the black temp. producer who hogs all the attention away from Frasier. The show is also one of the few that makes fun of class pretensions in a way other shows dont (think of the characters on Friends, always hanging out in a cafe and not working: utterly implausible; or the yuppie characters of \"will and grace\"). In its poking fun at Frasier and Niles' eurocentric class pretensions, Frasier is very un-american and very, well, british.","rating":"","date":"11 September 2001"}
{"title":"Good ol comedy makes a comeback","review":"Frasier came on the air back in 1993, I thought it would be another take off from Cheers.  I was wrong, the cast is a lot more interesting and I like Frasier's brother Niles.  His father Martin Crane reminds me of my father from the old school of thought.  His co-workers  such as Roz and Bulldog make you laugh so hard that you can't breathe anymore. The show deserves all those emmys that they won in the past and they deserve to win many more.","rating":"","date":"1 November 2000"}
{"title":"'Frasier' in Europe : either dubbed in French or poorly translated...","review":"'Frasier' is a fantastic show.  Fortunately 2 channels are running the show. One commercial station in Belgium (daily) and one public channel in Holland (weekly).I saw some episodes at least 4 or 5 times, but the more I watch it, the more fun it gets.It is probably the sitcom with the best dialogues.  Sharp, funny and surely the timing is close to perfection.  The only problem is that many people this side, do not really get the essentials because they do not speak and understand English.  The translations suck and it would be a good idea for the producers to encourage TV-stations to at least try and do their best. It will only help the show to become more popular.  In some countries it is even worse : they give Frasier a French, German or other voice over... There really is no point in doing that.However, keep up the good work, so we in Europe can enjoy it for a long, long time to come.","rating":"","date":"1 November 2002"}
{"title":"Great ensemble cast","review":"The best thing about Frasier is its first rate cast. Although Dr Frasier Crane is the main character in the show, the other characters are given their place in the sun too, especially his hilarious brother Dr Niles Crane.Since the show began, it has rarely if ever fallen below its own high standards and even when it did, the characters made it watchable. Although it does descent into farce at times, it is rarely silly and always intelligent. Take note all you sitcom writers and actors who think that pulling silly faces and speaking in funny voices is funny.","rating":"","date":"17 March 2000"}
{"title":"Wow!","review":"This is no doubt the best, funniest sitcom I've ever seen...I haven't seen anything that tops it yet!  Frasier and Niles are so silly with their operas and wine, and other \"weird\" fetishes...that makes the sitcom so funny. They should play more of it on television!","rating":"","date":"6 May 2001"}
{"title":"Long may it run","review":"For years I wondered what would happen when Daphne finally realised Niles' feelings for her. Now it's happened and the situation is reversed.  Daphne knows, she's beginning to care for Niles - and no one realises.  How long can this go on?  You want them to get together and yet you want the suspense to continue.  I love all the Daphne \/ Niles encounters especially First Date and Moon Dance.  Don't you all miss Maris - invisible as she is?","rating":"","date":"30 April 2000"}
{"title":"Hilarious","review":"My mother watches this show and has been for about 3 years. Frasier and his brother are doctors. Their's Niles's ex-wife. Frasier's son whatever his name is. Also a part of the actions were Frasier's secretary Roz, Frasier's father Martin, And Daphenie a women who has a crush on Niles.","rating":"","date":"23 November 2001"}
{"title":"Best spin-off ever","review":"Who would've thought watching Cheers that the only character to live on in TV land would be Frasier?! I thought Grammer was a great addition to the Cheers cast, but was sceptical about him succeeding with his own show. David Hyde-Pierce was a great find, the two compliment each other superbly. Daphne and Roz are fun characters and Eddie is the best dog on TV!","rating":"","date":"22 April 1999"}
{"title":"Slow degeneration of an excellent show","review":"Frasier used to be my favorite show until the last 3 seasons. Brilliant writing, directing and acting made this a show appreciated by most professionals looking for some decent intellectual humor without being too high-brow or pretentious. Lately however the show seems to border between the slapstick and ridiculous. It appears the original writers have long gone and it shows. The new episodes are just rehashes of old classics  with more of '3 stooges' style slapstick thrown in. This kind of humor was not why Frasier became popular and could be its undoing eventually. My advice to the producers would be to put this show to rest while it still has its dignity.","rating":"","date":"2 March 2000"}
{"title":"Funny when it wants to be","review":"Frasier is a good show. It has fun characters and shows their funny ways of dealing with their problems. ORIGINAL!!! But every once and a while they have a VERY funny show. By this I mean there's not time for breathe while laughing from it. Some great examples of this are:When Frasier has a Live Murder Mystery on the radio and everything goes wrong.When Frasier and friends go up to a ski cabin and get mixed up on who's sleeping in what rooms.When Niles hosts a dinner party and hid neighbor thinks he killed Maris.Those are only a few of the many episodes that are hysterical, but for the most part, this show needs to lighten up.","rating":"","date":"19 January 1999"}
{"title":"Still laughing","review":"Contrary to some beliefs, this show did not \"jump the shark\" when Niles and Daphne got together-- there was a shaky period, but the show has definitely righted itself, and is chugging along again. Although the sharper edges have certainly worn down, the writing is still original and some of the wittiest on TV-- while never rejecting the whimsical, silly, and just plain goofy. The perfect example of the virtues of character-driven comedy.People roll their eyes at David Hyde Pierce's perennial award nominations, but come on-- who-- with the possible exception of some of his castmates?- has greater mastery of all the comic tools?-- expression, timing, reaction, voice, and more than that- the creation of a character who is both ridiculously improbable and completely believable.","rating":"","date":"16 October 2002"}
{"title":"Frasier, I think we need a Season 12, what about you?","review":"Greetings Frasier Fans, I have just completed a marathon watching of Frasier, Every Episode, Seasons 1 through 11, And although I love the show completely, With its Fantastic Character interaction and Brilliant Humor, of course you know all this so there is not much point repeating what we all know.But...I was unhappy with the final show, Frasier leaving with no relationship after 11 seasons, Roz off for another career, Niles and Daphne with a new baby, There is so much left undone, We should see in Season 12, A Return to KACL for Frasier and Roz after Seattle demands the Frasier crane show return, Niles handling a child, there's about a seasons worth of humor there on its own.A complete relationship with Frasier and Roz finally together in one big happy family.What do you all think ?","rating":"","date":"3 February 2007"}
{"title":"Not a lot of shows this consistently funny","review":"\"Frasier\" really does try and hit both the high and low end of comedy; there are very funny sight gags and ridiculous physical humor, but also very urbane and sophisticated jokes. Case in point is Valentine's episode where Niles is waiting for a date in Frasier's apartment. Due to his disatisfaction with an insufficiently straight crease in his pants, he ends setting a rather large fire. Very funny, and all set to classical music. Yet, how many TV shows make jokes about the proper pronunciation of La Rochefoucault's name?As others have mentioned their favorite episodes, i'll add mine: Derek Jacobi as their long lost thespian inspiration who ignited their interest in Shakespeare. And of course the problem is that they were too young to know he was truly awful. Putting Derek Jacobi in that role was absolutely inspired--I think only a phenomenal classical actor could play Shakespeare that badly, I nearly fell off the couch.His timing was atrocious, his inflections contorted, and his mannerisms wildly over-the-top. Maybe he knew exactly what NOT to do in playing Shakespeare since he's such a phenomenal Shakespearean. But it really was uniformly good -- my favorite line, after a particularly horrendous chomping of the scenery, Niles turns to Frasier and says: \"I think he's getting better.\" Really the best episode. As a side note, I always wondered if there was an inside joke about the Jacobi character, who played an android in a Star Trek like TV show, when someone says to him (I paraphrase): \"Oh and I have the Playboy where (the actress in the series) posed.\" And Jacobi replies: \"Oh, on the Lava Rocks? Yes, I've got that one.\"I did wonder if that was a reference to the Playboy where Denise Crosby posed, who of course starred in the original episodes of \"Star Trek: The Next Generation.\"","rating":"","date":"1 June 2001"}
{"title":"Slick and Sassy","review":"I love this show. I love the sharp, slick humour and the character interaction. Frasier and Niles Crane are so arrogant and snobby at times, but you can't help but love them.The miserable psychiatrist has a very sceptical view of life, and isn't ashamed of it. He can think up the craziest ideas to get himself out of awkward situations, which does nothing but amuse the audience. There are times when you just cringe for him, I believe I once left the room because I couldn't handle the embarrassment.By the way, the relationship between the brothers is comic gold, its always interesting.There are misunderstandings, snobs, wit and slick one liners. Throw in an all American dad, a crazy British care worker and a loveable dog called Eddie, and you're onto a winner.","rating":"","date":"21 October 2002"}
{"title":"Great sitcom - a worthy sequel to Cheers","review":"Very few shows on TV explore really bother to explore father-son relationships, and Frasier is perhaps the only one to deal with how a grown man relates to his father.  The episode in which Frasier accidentally makes his father cry is one of the best: as soon as Frasier sees his father crying, he starts crying himself.  Then Niles walks in, sees his father crying, and he starts crying too.  It was one of the show's best moments, and few sitcoms rarely attain that level of emotion (maybe MASH and All in the Family).  Watch this show!","rating":"","date":"20 April 1999"}
{"title":"I'm sorry, but your time is up...","review":"When I first learned that the Frasier Crane character from \"Cheers\" would be spun-off in a sitcom after \"Cheers\" ended its run, I expected to be disappointed. (I recalled \"The Tortellis.\") After a couple seasons, I decided that \"Frasier\" was as good or better than \"Cheers.\"Unfortunately, the past two seasons have been uneven. We see too little of Frasier in the radio station.  The stories and situation have become stale and predictable. Frasier's mid-life crisis is the embarrassing focal point of his life. He chases every woman in sight with a desperation that is more pathetic than it is amusing. I suppose this proves that Frasier is not Sam Malone. In the end, \"Cheers\" was more consistent.Those of us who want to see a good episode of \"Frasier\" must view the syndicated reruns.Viewers probably wanted Niles and Daphne to live happily ever after, but this development should have been saved for the series finale.","rating":"","date":"24 February 2001"}
{"title":"Simply brilliant..","review":"I'm not gonna say anything else that's already been said. All I will say is - it marvels me how every episode of this masterpiece is a gem in itself. Episodes come under two categories - \"Great\" and \"Brilliant\". An example of a brilliant episode is where Frasier tries to direct a radio play and pretty much everything goes wrong. Priceless.","rating":"","date":"11 December 2001"}
{"title":"A Show that Marked the 90's","review":"Frasier is different from sitcoms like Friends or Seinfeld. Frasier includes plenty of intelligent humor on matters such as psychology and wine tasting. However, its popularity was still enormous. \"Frasier\" includes Kelsey Grammar as Frasier Crane, a Seattle-born shrink with a radio show, who helps peoples' personal problems as they call in, almost as a joke on typical morning shows that housewives tend to hear. After divorcing his wife Lilith, Frasier thought he would live the perfect, calm life he always wanted in Seattle, until he found out his father, Martin, had injured himself on duty (he was a cop) and his son offers himself to let him live in his house, along with his therapist Daphne Moon. Regreting his act of sympathy, Frasier is left to arguments with his father,quite different from Frasier's intellectual personality. His brother Niles Crane also pops in, and provides much of the show's humor with his huge crush on the Manchester born Daphne, while still married to the unseen and creepy wife Maris. For the more regular, socializing woman comes Roz, Frasier's assistant for the radio show, who although rumored in and out of the show to be infatuated with Frasier, never shows that this kind of feeling might exist. Having deserved all its Emmy Awards, \"Frasier\" has shown us some of the finest written humor of all time, in a certain contrast with its contemporaries Seinfeld (which, although brilliant, is different from Frasier for talking about the trivial and even the surreal) and Friends (which is exactly what the Cranes tend not to be in many situations, dealing mostly with the subjects of friendship and love in a social environment. While Friends is humor for everyone, Frasier almost acts like a huge, semi-inside joke. An outstanding show of great quality, Frasier might equal the levels of well pondered analysis and belly laughs.","rating":"","date":"6 April 2006"}
{"title":"Fraiser","review":"This is the one and only comedy that I always try to make it a point to watch. It's a great show because the principle cast members have the right chemistry and the stories are mostly brilliant -- plain and simple.  Who could have ever imagined that Fraiser would turn out to be even more enjoyable than Cheers?I find myself cracking up completely as I listen to the radio callers' problems along with the advice Fraiser dispenses to them. Then too, the exchanges between Fraiser and Niles as well as the unrequited love between Niles and Daphne provide some of the best moments of all.However, some episodes have not been first-rate.  The whole story-line of Fraiser losing his job turned out to be a bad idea which makes me wonder if the show is making yet another mistake by letting Niles and Daphne finally get together. Sure, I would like to see Niles and Daphne finally fall in love but this has the potential of spoiling the show.  I hope the writers know what they're doing.A few of my personal favorite episodes that come to mind include:\"The Good Son\".  This show got the ball rolling. The only thing missing was Niles didn't get to meet and drool over Daphne.\"Roz and the Snoz\".  Roz becomes frightened over the possibility that her baby might be born with a big nose after meeting the the parents of her baby's father and seeing their gigantic noses.\"Something about Dr. Mary\".  Fraiser becomes frustrated over how to deal with a Black lady whom he gave an opportunity to work with him on his show. Fraiser's advice to his radio listeners ends up being set aside in favor of his new co-worker's who is full of homespun sayings from her Grandpa Willie.And there are many, many more shows that I could talk about if I had the time, the space and the ability to remember them all.I wonder what it would be like to be in the audience and see the show performed live. Also, I wonder if we will ever see a show that reunites the entire cast of Cheers, or a show in which Daphne visits her home in England?I can understand this show being a big hit in English speaking countries but I am amazed that it is popular even in non-English speaking countries. Since so much of the humor is so witty, I would think that the meaning of the jokes would be lost in the translation.In any event, provided that the show remains funny, I hope it stays on television for at least a total of ten years at which point maybe Niles and Daphne can get their own spin-off together.","rating":"","date":"15 October 2000"}
{"title":"A show with intelligence and sophistication","review":"\"Frasier\" the overly successful offshoot of \"Cheers\", was a wonderful continuation of the Fraiser Crane character (expertly played by Kelsey Grammar) as he moves from Boston where \"Cheers\" was located to Seattle, where he takes a job as a radio host with his own psychiatry show, except this time he lives with his father Martin Crane (properly cast John Mahoney). Also joining the fun are David Hyde Pierce as the hilarious Niles Crane (Frasier's sensitive brother), Daphne Moon (played by Jane Leeves), and Frasier's radio talk show producer Roz Doyle (Peri Gilpin). This ensemble cast work so well together, it was no wonder this show lasted 11 seasons (1993-2004), thereby allowing Kelsey Grammar to play his Frasier character for an unprecedented 20 years (since his 1984 introduction on \"Cheers\"!). What really made this show appealing were the intelligent and sophisticated stories and situations created for this perfect cast. There are also welcome guest stars from Cheers (including Sam, Diane, many appearances by Lilith, among others - the only cast member not to return being Kirstie Alley as Rebecca). My advice: start with \"Cheers\" and continue along with \"Frasier\" for a great and unending TV viewing experience.","rating":"","date":"9 April 2006"}
{"title":"The Best Sitcom TV Show Ever - Funny, Emotionally Grounded, Well Scripted, Farcical Comedy","review":"Don't be fooled - you don't need to know anything about fine wines, opera or scented bath salts to get a laugh out of this show.From the first season to it's last the show has managed a level of consistency that no other sitcom could possibly match. Everything about this show is pure quality and because of this the show is highly re-watchable unlike many sitcoms of a similar quality. I have seen every single episode at least three times, and I still get a kick out of the ones I haven't seen in a while.To deliver as many classics as this show has done requires talent, creative genius, luck and an unexplainable magic that allows all the choices made to be the right ones. This rarely happens in any artistic form, and I'm glad it did with Frasier.What other TV show, book, play, etc could structure farcical comedy on a consistent basis without becoming cheap, unfunny and uninteresting? None.Checking this show out on TV or buying the DVD will give you a glimpse of the 250+ episodes of consistently great entertainment that awaits the uninitiated. Flawless Perfection.","rating":"","date":"17 April 2006"}
{"title":"Why I like this series","review":"I'm very angry!! In Italy we can't normally see \"Frasier\" in prime time, because they're airing the series... in the NIGHTIME!! In Italy you can see this wonderful sit com in the heat of the night!!! It's a shame, because in my country sometimes in prime you can see the worst shows of the world (if you think they've cancelled \"Law & Order\" you'll understand!!). Anyway, I tape \"Frasier\", because i'm a script - writer student, and I think that is one of the most well written tv series of any time. And the cast is wonderful. My personal favourite is the brilliant David Hyde Pierce. He's very very good. Long live to \"Frasier\"!!","rating":"","date":"22 March 2000"}
