{"title":"Unexpected Depth","review":"As the title suggests, this was unexpected. I was a big doubter off the show due to the trailer, but after relenting, I watched the first episode. Then the second, and third, etc.Unlike other Klutzman \"Trek-ish\" shows from CBS, this show is made by people who care about canon and continuity. Each episode gets better as the season goes on, becoming more and more like Star Trek. The humor is what you are expecting, but can be quite good at times when made with good timing. The world and ship designs, voice acting, and music is excellent, capturing a TNG era which gives the show great presence. This makes me wonder, how is it an animated comedy can be more Trek than a show with a knighted legendary actor, costing a few billion dollars per episode?!?Overall this was an excellent start with some kinks to iron out, but I am definitely anticipating season 2, and ready to flaunt Lower Decks in the face of STD and Picard.","rating":"8\/10","date":"31 December 2020"}
{"title":"Don't be fooled...","review":"... By mediocre scores or disgruntled purists pining for a canon that was shattered before the original series even ended it's first run. Star Trek has always been escapist fun with an added layer of social awareness. It never became \"woke\" - it was \"woke\" back when we called \"woke\" people hippies and it never changed (with the notably shameful exception of S01 of TNG).\nIt's enjoyable, Trek flavoured comedy with added in-jokes for nerds. The older (and nerdier) you are, the more of those in-jokes will hit home. As a 50 year old, lifelong Sci-fi fan I really enjoyed the 1st episode and look forward to more.","rating":"9\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Better Star Trek than many","review":"Honestly, with all the goofiness and bad jokes and deliberately over-the-top situations (it's a comedy, after all), it has much more Star Trek in it than many recent Star Trek shows.There's everything here those others lack: the discovery, the strange new words, the meaning, the coherence, the goal, the meaningful disobedience.True, the jokes are not always funny, and some situations are just too goofy, but overall it's great - it has an audacious soul of space adventure, and a fork-all spirit of a modern sitcom.Plus great animation and voice acting, and lovable characters. It's great. It took me a second take to enjoy it, but it grew on me quite a bit.","rating":"8\/10","date":"22 November 2023"}
{"title":"If anyone can parody Star Trek better it's, er, Star Trek.","review":"Following the adventures of the backbone crew of a Starship...Those expecting Lower Decks to echo 1973's Star Trek the animated series may be left feeling like Gene Roddenberry Holodeck ghost. In terms of tone this animated vision of Star Trek is reminiscent of The Orville, Futurama with a mix of Rick and Morty. It's sharp, fast paced and above all entertaining.Thankfully, with plenty of in-jokes it never leaves the Star Trek universe, firmly set in the Star Trek world of TOS, TNG, DS9 and Voyager etc showing that if anyone can and should be parodying Star Trek it's, er, Star Trek. Lower Decks is wacky, funny, refreshing and outlandish.With a cast of excellent voice actors the character are humorously and likably brought to life and for obvious reasons Tawny Newsome's Mariner is a sure instant fan favourite. Notable are Jerry O'Connell as Freeman and No\u00c3\u00abl Well's Tendi to name a few.While no doubt many fans prefer a live action serious series and rightly so, but so long as they are running this wonderful animated incarnation in conjunction with the usual traditional style series this is Praxis shockwave gold.Overall, once you buy into the style, it's plain Starship sailing, recommend.","rating":"","date":"16 October 2020"}
{"title":"I love this show","review":"This is a great show with some beautiful animation that somehow manages to get me invested in every character even minor ones. It started a bit mediocre and too hyper with the first 2 episodes but after that it's only improved with season 2 on average being even better than the 1st one.Season 2 episode 9 Wej Duj I would count among my top 10 favourite episodes of all of Star Trek.","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 February 2022"}
{"title":"Simply in love with everything about this show...","review":"It's literally as much Star Trek as you can possibly get per second... it's hilarious and reminds me a lot of Rick and Morty in so many ways. The comedy mixed with the seriousness of Star Trek is so brilliant.. this isn't a kids cartoon, it's for mature audiences. I'm not good at reviewing but felt I had to express my love for this show and the itch that it scratches after watching TNG, DSN, and Voyager several times over the years I felt like I needed more Trek. I watched strange new worlds and fell in love with that show as well. While waiting for more SNW, I decided to binge lower decks and the four main lower deckers are just delightful.. not to mention the actual commanders of the ship are separate main characters that become more and more meshed with the lower deckers and vise versa as the show unfolds... seriously genius and deserves a watch by any Trek fan... There is also a fandom inside the show of all the characters we admire and it's so relatable and funny when the main characters make almost 4th wall breaking jokes. Such a fun show with so much more than I could have imagined.","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 February 2024"}
{"title":"Fun fabulous animated Star Trek","review":"A 'tongue in cheek' cartoon version of Star Trek that is awesome. They trek their way around space with lots of weird and wonderful experiences. Love how the opening sequence \"grows\" with each episode. Fun to look back to the first episode to compare the changes. The lead actors play semi believable characters with great personalities. Lots of guest appearances from previous versions of star trek which helps tie in cartoon and real life performances. And lower decks even makes a guest appearance in Strange New World... Probably my favourite show of all . Highly recommend... Can't wait for season 5.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 March 2024"}
{"title":"So good!","review":"What's with all those uptight reviews??\nThis is my first review, I always read reviews first and I was bummed that this one was receiving so many bad ones!\nBut this show is so good and I had a blast watching it! I also love other Star Trek but why can't there be a funny sci-fi about the lower ranked people?, those people saying this is the death of Star Trek need to check into a senior citizen facility or try to loosen up. Two different types of Star Trek can exist at once, I for one like that they are expanding the franchise and I hope this show gets many many seasons!","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"A bit o fun","review":"Don't know what all the harsh reviews are about. After reading them I was expecting absolute rubbish but thought I would give it a go. It's not fantastic but but it is enjoyable. Its obviously having a bit of fun around star trek and it's an animation so what would you expect? I would actually consider it better than the Orville which after a few episodes became too melodramatic, I can't see that happening here.","rating":"7\/10","date":"21 August 2020"}
{"title":"If Star Trek and Futurama Had a Baby","review":"I thoroughly enjoy this series! It's not 100% Star Trek, like the same style writing, or seriousness, or anything like that, but Star Trek is the foundation and follows the ships and lower ranking officers who are generally in the background. Then add the same style of episodes and humor of Futurama, and TADA! You have Star Trek: Lower Decks. I hope this series keeps going!","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"Started out disliking it, but gave it another go. It gets better.","review":"I didnt like it at first. The main character kept on shouting, which thankfully was toned down in later episodes. The whole thing just seemed like unfunny satire. Due to lockdown I decided to give it another shot, and around the 4 episode I started to really enjoy it. It's more Star Trek than Discovery anyway.","rating":"7\/10","date":"28 January 2021"}
{"title":"An amusing animation centred on low ranking characters on a minor Star Fleet ship","review":"Star Trek series tend to be centred on important characters aboard important vessels... but not this one. The ship is the USS Cerritos, which gets sent on relatively minor missions and the protagonists are lower deck crew who aren't important enough to be told what is going on. Ensign Beckett Mariner, who is capable but has no desire for promotion and can be insubordinate; Ensign Brad Boimler is keen to follow every rule and dreams of promotion; Ensign D'Vana Tendi, is an Orion recently transferred to the ship; and Ensign Samanthan Rutherford is an engineer with cybernetic implants. Throughout the series we see them getting into a number of adventures as well as their mundane jobs.I wasn't too sure about this series but having enjoyed most Star Trek series ever since I was introduced to the original series as a child... while this is quite different it is a lot of fun. Unlike other series this one is definitely aiming for laughs. I found myself chuckling at most episodes and occasionally bursting into proper laughter. The series is very much based in the Star Trek universe and plays with familiar tropes; successfully subverting to provide the humour. The characters are fun to watch, especially Mariner. While the main characters are lower deck ensigns we do get to see the senior staff as secondary characters; they are quite fun too. I'm not sure why so many complain of political correctness; it is certainly no more so than other Star Trek series... which have always been fairly diverse. Overall I'd definitely recommend this to fans of Star Trek who want a laugh.","rating":"9\/10","date":"27 January 2021"}
{"title":"Not bad!","review":"After the god-awful writing of Picard...\nAnd the garbage fire that is Discovery...Lower Decks is actually pretty decent!Not perfect by any means - but most of the jokes are written by someone who has at-least watched all of the older Trek - and some of the more serious episodes, honestly wouldn't look out of place compared to a season of TNG, DS9 or Voyager. (I can't think of higher praise than that!)\nMike McMahan has succeeded where so many fail - he is obviously knowledgeable, and does a good job of respecting the canon, and having some fun with it!In my humble opinion - it's worth a watch.","rating":"7\/10","date":"27 October 2022"}
{"title":"Loud, stupid and very annoying","review":"What the heck is going on? Everyone in the show is so stupid, loud and annoying, they all act like 12 year olds high on ecstasy. Its basically idiocracy, but in space. Avoid this garbage, shame on the people who made this monstrosity and called it 'star trek'. They should have called 'wild space cadets' or something.","rating":"1\/10","date":"15 April 2021"}
{"title":"Why the hate?","review":"It seems like some trekkies will just never be pleased because they have this idealized Star Trek in their heads that can't actually be recreated. Just have fun with it, man. Give the show a chance to develop. Can you imagine if TNG had been judged on the entire first season, even? Loosen up.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Whew! There is still some good Star Trek being made","review":"I have been working my way through the ST catalogue and came across this gem. I really didn't know what to expect and was almost going to skip it, glad I didn't.While this is a parody show and pokes fun at Star Trek and the lesser thought of aspects of the Federation it takes itself serious enough that it ends up being pretty good Star Trek, a funny comedy, decent sci fi.It's not well rounded, meaning it's really aimed at adults and fans of Star Trek. If you haven't watched ST before there will be tons of small jokes and events that won't make much sense so in that case it's better to have watched at least some Star Trek. Probably at least OG Star Trek, The Next Generation up to Voyager and you will get a lot of the gags and references in this show.Looking forward to more seasons!","rating":"9\/10","date":"28 August 2023"}
{"title":"Love It","review":"Wow. So harsh with the reviews. I've been a Trek fan for 25 years and I think this show is brilliant. There are plenty of other series to watch if you're not into the humor, but can't we have a little variety?","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"Surprisingly good!","review":"I'll admit that I'm an old Trek purist. I abandoned Discovery after a season and couldn't get through the second season of Picard. They both just didn't come across as anything that resembled the reasons I've loved this show since the 70's.I was ready to put Lower Decks in the same category until I watched it. It's mostly episodic and there are over the top aspects to the ensemble crew that make me smile. It's fun and somehow enjoyable Trek all in one, at least for me. I've enjoyed the Trek past show cameos as well. Season three was the best one so far.Give it a chance. You might surprise yourself too.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 November 2022"}
{"title":"Yes, it's a funny cartoon","review":"To comment on two themes I see in other reviews: this series is rated TV-14, so of course, it's not for young kids. And I'm not sure why fans who want all Star Trek shows to highlight social, moral, ethical and dramatic themes would even watch this. You know this show isn't for you. It's okay that this show isn't for you - be well and live your life. For reference, I'm 45 and watched all of TNG, all the movies, and Picard. I like this show because it's a funny, zany cartoon with Star Trek themes. Period. Life is hard - if you want to laugh at a Star Trek cartoon, then watch this. If you want to critique a cartoon that dares to be part of Star Trek, then skip it because this isn't for you...and that's okay!","rating":"","date":"12 September 2020"}
{"title":"Gets Better","review":"I didn't care for it at first, but it grew on me by the finale of the first season.","rating":"7\/10","date":"13 August 2020"}
{"title":"Lifelong Trek Fan","review":"I honestly do not understand all the negative reviews; there are just a bunch of die-hards out there that get upset when something isn't TNG's The Measure of Man or Darmok.Even more, I think the show is well aware of this disposition towards the philosophical and intellectual aspects of Berman era Trek and encapsulates it in Mr. Rules and Regulations, Ensign Boimler.Fans who are too uptight should be more like Ensign Mariner!Change is hard for people, I get it. But it shouldn't have to take away from the rest of our fun.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"I enjoyed it.","review":"Decent first episode, I enjoyed it, I do hope it picks up a bit more as it goes on, I know folk will say \"it's not Star Trek\" and maybe it isn't in the traditional sense but it's just a fun silly show and what's wrong with that? It won't be too everyone's taste, but hey everyone's different!","rating":"7\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Beam Me Up!","review":"Not sure how crappy Christian flicks and soppy romcoms can garner 6+ ratings on IMDB, while this gets a 5.8. This is a lot of fun in a familiar setting that doesn't take itself too seriously. Discovery and Picard are so dark and lacking the optimism of other iterations, that I was sure they'd become typical action\/adventure flicks in sci-fi settings like Marvel movies. The Orville is a breath of fresh air as is Rick and Morty and Final Space, and this joins those ranks. Big hit for me. Tawny Newsome is the shining star here, just like Space Force. She's havin a heckuva season!","rating":"9\/10","date":"14 August 2020"}
{"title":"GIVE IT A CHANCE","review":"It has some frustrating moments but this show has a lot of hart and some fun characters, some interesting new concepts and i'm sure that if you give it a chance. Your heart will warm up to the show just like mine did!\nIt's not perfect but what first season of star trek was? :D\nAt the moment I see a show with a lot of potential that could sprak a new (good) generation of modern star trek shows.","rating":"7\/10","date":"29 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not a big trekkie, but Star Trek deserves better","review":"I'm a casual fan, I've seen some of TNG, and those movies, as well as most if not all of the more recent explody\/lens flare ones so I have a very rudimentary knowledge of Trekdom, and even I'm not impressed. Only 1.333 episodes in, and I must say I'm underwhelmed with the humor. The writers seem to think one reference equals one joke, so a million references must equal a million jokes. Also, the Rick and Morty style animation really doesn't do it for me except for Rick and Morty itself, and that's due to the writing and humor that OVERCOMES the failings of its hideous art style. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but to be honest, it had a pretty low bar to hurdle and it still managed to stumble.","rating":"2\/10","date":"14 August 2020"}
{"title":"Lower Decks","review":"Once again this show has made me laugh to the point of breathlessness!!!!! HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!! I would love to meet not only the stars of Lower Decks but also the creative minds behind this series. You can tell these are true die-hard fans with a real talent for storytelling. Not one single episode of this entire series has failed to impress and entertain me. This show combined w\/ Strange New Worlds has, for me at least, made me fall in love all over again with Star Trek. Well worth there for Paramount streaming service. Please keep 'em coming!And if there's any possible way for another crossover episode I'd LOVE to see that!","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 October 2023"}
{"title":"Fun, packed with Easter eggs- not to be taken too seriously.","review":"As a Berman era Trek fan, I am loving this show. First episode is so so but it really takes off after that.It's a show that pokes fun at itself, in the most loving way. I really don't get all the hostility to a cartoon, but if you like TNG, DS9 etc, at least give it a shot and make up your own mind.","rating":"8\/10","date":"23 August 2020"}
{"title":"It's fun and I like it.","review":"Star Trek has always been great and although it's no stranger to some comedy it is usually pretty heavy material. With two star trek series running with a 3rd on the way lower decks is a great comedic break from the normal star trek we're used to. It's light hearted and original, and although it seems a little whacky it fits into the Star Trek Universe quite well in my opinion. I am looking forward to more.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Funny, fresh, and ten times more Star Trek than Discovery","review":"Lower Decks can best be described as a Futurama-episode about Star Trek, except that its actually Star Trek. The delays between jokes are very short, sometimes this leads to an oversaturation, but the show generally pulls it off. Whoever expects a serious adventure like DS9 or something akin to \"The amazing Michael Burnham Show\" is clearly wrong here.Lower Decks brings a fresh breeze into the Star Trek universe and I can't wait for the next episode!Also, a black captain who is married to a black admiral while having their black daughter onboard and as main character will undoubtedly cause some drama among certain circles, so except a fair amount of racial bigotry disguised as criticism.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not As Agonizingly Terrible as You Might Expect","review":"Think of the 93-year history of television. That's probably something north of 23,000 shows aired. And know, considering all that, that Tawny Newsome has, as Ensign Mariner in Star Trek: Lower Decks, voiced the most annoying character in television history. I'm sure, if she happened to read this, she would be proud to hear that. In the YouTuber age, the level of loud, rapid-fire manic inanity that you can reach is your metric for success.Still, Lower Decks has some pluses. These days, as a Star Trek fan, you hold on to whatever tiny little sliver of whatever microscopic feeling of Trek the producers deign to keep in these new Star Trek shows, and this one actually captures the vibe of TNG pretty well. And considering that TNG is the very best of Trek, this serves Lower Decks well.Most Importantly, the show succeeds where all good Trek shows must: in its portrayal of humanity, and the lessons it must learn as it continues to explore both its own potential and the realms of outer space.This episode has heart. Both literally and figuratively .","rating":"7\/10","date":"11 August 2020"}
{"title":"Funny, irreverent, and gets Trekker's shorts in a bunch - perfect combo","review":"I've seen every Star Trek series and movie there is. I've watched all things Trek since my dad introduced me to TNG in the late 80s, and have followed the franchise ever since. That said, despite being a fan, I still love this series. It meshes the irreverence that people like about The Orville, the comedy and animation of Final Space, and the lore and world of Star Trek.You can tell who is just review-bombing the show because they hate the idea of Trek not being a 'monster of the week' thing like it generally always has been. People have always complained about the new Trek when it comes out, but these days it's different - it's people using their access to sites like IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes to review bomb things in co-ordinated attacks that drives new, interesting, and different concepts out because they want the same old drivel from the old series.Personally, I like this show for the same reason I like The Orville. Itt's laugh out loud funny at times, doesn't take itself as seriously as Trekkies seem to take it, and makes good use of lore and the world. This is what Trek needed more of.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"Let's not be killjoys...","review":"It's a cartoon series rooted in Trek. It's garnering the popularity\/fanbase of \"Rick and Morty\".It definitely needs to decide what audience it's looking for, be it younger or adult.But hey, it's only EP 1, and it was kinda fun... Also made by Titmouse inc. who do Venture Bros, Super Jail, and other adult swim stuff.","rating":"6\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"LOVE IT!","review":"I consider myself to be a Star Trek \"old-timer,\" having been a ST fan from day one, and I LOVE this show!Lower Decks was *never* intended to be simply an animated version of traditional Star Trek sci-fi drama. That's already been done, and a repeat was not needed as there is much more *live action* ST drama to come. Lower Decks needed to be something STRIKINGLY different yet something that would still pay tribute to ST as we all know it. This humorous take on the franchise is, I think, EXACTLY what is needed - and hopefully appreciated - during these particularly dangerous times. And something that I think kids as well as us \"older\" folks will come to appreciate with successive episodes. Keeping the fingers crossed and hoping this thing has legs!","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Enjoying it but...","review":"Got to episode 7 and enjoying it. A Trekkie of 45 years and surprised I enjoy this so much. Then realised its going the same direction as Discovery. Very woke and suddenly all the crew are female. Is this on purpose? Is there a cartoon Michael in the making?I must admit it is fun. I'm going to persist even though all the strong characters are female and the objects of fun are male. A bit tedious but it's becoming standard these days. Still worth watching.","rating":"7\/10","date":"27 January 2021"}
{"title":"The original Star Trek had a vision. This is the death of that vision.","review":"ST:D helped lower my expectations for Star Trek, but nothing could have prepared me for this dumpster fire.This is a show that's trying to be something it shouldn't be, for an audience that doesn't exist.","rating":"2\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"It was fun!","review":"I was going into it without any expectations. But i enjoyed it very much. Its an ironic take on star trek. As long as it doesnt join canon iam fine with it!","rating":"8\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Enjoyable.","review":"It is something fresh for star trek. Very enjoyable, and i have high hopes for the rest of the season.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not the trek you wanted, but still worthwhile.","review":"I went into this show, a quite disgruntled star trek fan expecting to be disappointed once again. \"Rick and Morty humor with Star Trek? How long are they going to beat the horse they killed?\" I thought to myself. But then it turned out that I liked it. While it's not perfect and not all the humor lands for me, it's not bad either. Many Star Trek fans are understandably, and from my point of view, justifiably bitter about what has been done to Star Trek with Discovery and Picard, and even though Kurtzman is running this show too, I think there is an opportunity for it to shine by satirizing what made people like me hate the last two 'not treks' CBS made. It's not the trek you wanted, that mantle seems to have passed onto the Orville, but it's worth continuing to watch in my opinion as long as the show doesn't try to take itself too seriously, and especially will be if the creators can eventually seize the opportunity to demonstrate self-awareness about what went wrong with the last two shows.","rating":"8\/10","date":"30 August 2020"}
{"title":"Different, for sure, but still good","review":"People really need to loosen up. This show isn't supposed to be like the other star treks, and if you thought it would be, then you must have not watched the trailer. The writer is the wrote of Rick and Morty, so of course it's gonna be a comedy... I don't understand why people are saying it's the \"Death of Star Trek\". CBS is expanding the franchisee and good for them!*slight spoilers, but not really*I think the jokes are absolutely hilarious! The third episode with the Commander, and the second one with the Ferrngi!? So funny! I like how they're taking the things from Star Trek that make it what it is and making fun of it a bit. You seriously can't tell me that you don't laugh at the way they hit people, or how stereotypical the superior officers are.And since it's only three episodes in, we have a good amount of story and character development. The friendships between the main cast, the little flirtation with Ransom and Mariner, the fact that Mariner is the Captain's daughter? All of that is so good and so intricate.I, for one, really enjoy this show. I think it's different, absolutely, but it has loads of potential and if given the chance, can bring more people into the fandom who enjoy comedies more than the usual Star Trek. Just give it a chance guys. Star Trek has always been different than the series before it. DS9 got a lot of heat, but it has some of the best characters in it. Same with Voyager and Discovery.Trekkies really haven't learned from the shows, have they? Haven't the characters always said to embrace new ideas? So let's do that here. At least this fandom has been given a revival, unlike many others.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"It's worth watching","review":"The people bashing this show must be Trekkie fanboys that are also virgins, still live in mom's basement, and the only thing they find humorous in life is when someone mispronounces something in Klingon.The show isn't as quick and witty as Rick & Morty or as adult and vulgar as Big Mouth, but the show is funny! It's cute, entertaining, and, most importantly, catchy. I hope they find their foothold and continue for a few more seasons.","rating":"","date":"24 August 2020"}
{"title":"This is Star Trek!","review":"Excelente show. It brings the humour of The Orville into Star Trek, which is quite refreshing. This show also proofs that CBS has people that know how to run a Star Trek show and do understand the show. So, I really wonder why they come up with Star Trek Discovery? It never was about Star Trek, even when it was a good sci-fi show...","rating":"7\/10","date":"16 December 2021"}
{"title":"A fresh approach","review":"Everyone a new Trek starts you get a ton of low-ballers hating on it because it's not what they saw before.That's right, it has to be different or it wouldn't exist, obviously.The animation style is modern, and it is a comedy, first and foremost.It is going where no Trek has gone before.And that is why I am enjoying it. Give it a chance.","rating":"9\/10","date":"21 August 2020"}
{"title":"Terrible Star Trek spin off","review":"Wow this is bad, its kind of if you got a Star Trek fan to write a attempt at comedy Star Trek & it fails on every level. Im sure who ever wrote it thinks its really funny & clever but its so not.Ive managed to watch 8 episodes to see if it gets better and believe me it doesnt, same old dull clich\u221a\u00a9 at every moment.Totally annoying female main charactor who is completley none-likeable & a dull betrayed weak male main charactor.Save your time and skip this one, even if you are a Star Trek fan.","rating":"7\/10","date":"1 February 2021"}
{"title":"Pretty cool","review":"As a lifelong fan of Star Trek, I found this show to be loads of fun. It still maintains the Star Trek look and feel while having a good time. Enjoyable.","rating":"9\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"It was rather okay","review":"I think a lot of people took it too serious and I don't like the kelvin time line and I loathe std and picard with a passion but this. This is kinda okay. It was rather funny.","rating":"7\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"For the first five minutes of watching this I couldn't help but think that something seemed familiar","review":"Then it hit me. This is just a bad attempt at copying Rick and Morty.Except its not funny, original, or really just enjoyable at all. Like I'm not the biggest Rick and Morty fan but I can appreciate it for really being pretty original and for it really elevating the quality of animated television.Sadly, I can't say the same for this show. Having watched this show, and ST: Picard, and ST: Discovery, I'm left just saddened for this franchise. TNG had some bad early episodes but at least it had the excuse of being made 30 years ago. This has no such excuse.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Hope to see more","review":"Great show if you like star trek. Love all the jokes to all the different trek shows.","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"Surprisingly awesome!","review":"Life long Trek fan, seen every episode of every series. The way this makes fun of itself while staying true to trek is fantastic. More trek fans need to look past it being animated to see they show for what it is. This show is the love story to all avid fans who pick up and get all the small details while getting to know new characters. The actors personalities come through in the characters in all the best ways. And I'm invested in all of the chorus, I want to see all their back stories. Speaking of which, character development has been nothing short of amazing, so many shows could take a page from these writers! Thank you to them! Clearly they are massive fans.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 September 2023"}
{"title":"Lower Decks is a Love Letter to the Fans.","review":"If Strange New Worlds is a Love Letter to the original Trek, Lower Decks is a Love Letter to the Fans. Im so grateful for another season. The witty and specific references to past Treks are perfect. A large part of why Star Trek is amazing is its humor and iterations that forget that don't do well. Lower Decks is beyond my expectations. It embodies the spirit of idealism that lives in the heart of Star Treks creation, while still being able to laugh at itself as a genre. Its like hanging out with friends that share all the Star Trek memories that you do because its your history. This is whats so brilliant about it! In some ways, its the most mature of all Treks and the crossover episode made me cry.","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 September 2023"}
{"title":"Star Trek's Parody of Itself","review":"Lower Decks is definitely the show for the Star Trek super fan, the fan who watched every episode and movie multiple times. Sounds daunting, but this is what makes it so rewarding to watch. It is full of references and in-universe jokes. It expertly makes fun of topics we've debated and pondered for years, but with love. The characters are us, they are also fans of the old Starfleet heroes and captains we've all seen on screen.The animation style allows its frenetic energy to shine, The characters are enthusiastic and passionate. There's a lot of humor that works really well. It's a blast to watch and filled the hole of old star trek that I had until Strange New Worlds premiered.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 September 2023"}
{"title":"it is so funny !","review":"I laughed until my feet hurt and I couldn't inhale.But somehow, in only 26 minutes (which felt like 8) this episode managed to also convey the grandest parts of 55 years of Star Trek world-building, while also poking justified fun at nearly all of it, nearly all the time.Possibly the most innovative take on the franchise ever.Definitely the cutest Star Trek series.A near perfect premiere.","rating":"","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"No intelligent life anywhere","review":"This show is unfortunately neither funny nor intelligent. At least I have my dvds of the original animated series to watch.","rating":"7\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Very funny, fullof ester eggs and a million times more Star Trek than anything else in the 2020s","review":"I just can't comprehend how can Lower Decks be more Star Trek, than Picard, Strange New Worlds or Discovery. Probably because it doesn't want to reshape the whole universe, just entertain us.Lower Decks is an animated series about four young ensign who do the most menial works on an absolutely second-line ship of Starfleet. Because the scope is so small, they don't have to save the universe in every second episode and thus there remains much more time for character development, interesting plots and... Easter eggs. Lots and lots of Easter eggs! I couldn't even count how many times it refers to other Star Trek materials subtly or openly. The crew works as a whole in itself, but meanwhile time and again someone from other series will show up - usually with the proper actor as well!And the best part is, that these guest stars don't steal the show, the focus remains on the main characters.The animation itself has similarities with Futurama and the Simposns, but without the comical exaggerations in character animation. And the space scenes are completely fine, never feel cheap, but always genuine.But I can see why this show wouldn't be for everyone. It is far less serious than other Trek series. It is full of jokes and punch lines, but fortunately, it can keep the seriousness of the theme when necessary.Overall, if you want a fun, light6-hearthed Star Trek show that doesn't rewrite the universe, go check this out. It really is awesome!","rating":"9\/10","date":"3 November 2023"}
{"title":"Not great, but most Star Treks didn't start out great either.","review":"Hopefully they'll improve the comedy. No its not a normal star trek show, its not supposed to be. Give it a chance, see if it improves before you condemn it. I wasn't a huge fan of STTNG the first season either.","rating":"7\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Great scifi comedy","review":"Ignore these neckbeard ST Gatekeepers. A very fun show. Very interesting take on the sublevel (the dregs) of the Star trek universe. Very funny, quality animation budget and voice acting helps solidify this format of a whimsical satire raunchy version of ST. Hope it gets more better as the show goes on.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Too soon to evaluate, but the clone lovers already hate it just cause its a different take on ST","review":"Too soon to properly evaluate.\nBut the usual haters, just because it isnt ST classic show or STNG, already are foaming from their mouths.Its a show based on a grunt team on a spaceship that leads mostly with support, back office, and bureaucracy, after a top team\/ship already made it\u00b4s stuff.\nLike, Captain Picard discovered a new race and established first contact and after that, these were the guys to do the boring part. As in real life. And it follows a team of privates in the lower decks, the hidden workers, necessary to make the ship work, but never recognized.Has potential and it\u00b4s mildly entertaining, and in 20m didnt quite showed its potential or characters. And it was too modest in its jokes... too soft. But nowadays some dark humor jokes are perceived as insults in the US, so seems the jokes were filtered.Let\u00b4s hope it develops, and if it becomes a proper show.","rating":"6\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"It's worse then I was expecting.","review":"Unfunny, pathetic and for some reason everyone is screaming all the time!\nOh look we do can not use real Star Trek music but we have Borg, you remember Borg, right?\nNothing to see.\nMove along.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"By far my favorite current Trek series.","review":"Best thing to happen to Star Trek in a long time. Fun, Funny, set in the TNG\/DS9\/VOY era (so it is fantastically filled with nostalgic Easter-eggs). Just a fun series to watch.","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 September 2021"}
{"title":"Gate keepers, gate keepers everywhere","review":"You see allot of statements about \" what star trek stood for\" not one of them will have read Roddenberry's biography or know anything about what he or the show stood for. So I have been a fan of star trek Nd Dene since TOS I have the comic books, the VHS the HDDVDs , while TNG was easily the most balanced show in the universe and DS9 I found to be the lowest quality, this is also the man behind earth final conflict so before you speak of insulting his vision, try to remember how much of TNG, DS9 and of course VOY and ENT he DID NOT WORK ON. They were of course all studio decisions based on making the most off of hit work, because they want profit like the dirty ferrengi they are, but making a show that nobody likes has no profit, so these shows are tested against audiences before released to the public and if they are truely impartial gene fans they tend to love them. If I see one more person say \"not genes vision\" \"not cannon\" \"spits in the face\" I will scream, none of you have read the books none of you have read his books you don't know anything about him or the universe and gatekeeper's are simply another I'll informed type of grammar nazi. The show is star trek meets paradise PD and it's well executed.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"Great first episode.","review":"Good animation, good storyline. Very funny! References to Sulu, Deanna Troi and The Monkees.","rating":"9\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Made an IMDB Account Just for This","review":"If you are willing to take a step back and laugh about Star Trek, and some of the funny aspects, you will love Lower Decks. Growing up I loved watching the next generation and all of the series following the Star Trek universe. This show Demonstrates the less glamorous side of life in Star Fleet and is worth a watch if your into adult cartoon comedies. There are so many good references that bring Star Trek nostalgia and is just generally funny. Definitely worth a watch!","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 October 2020"}
{"title":"Not good.","review":"As a Trekk(ie\/er), I wasn't impressed. I'd rather watch the original animated TOS.","rating":"","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"More of a parody than a canonical Star Trek series.","review":"Definitely a lot of fun, but much of the humour might be lost on viewers who aren't very familiar with the Star Trek franchise. There's no shortage of The Original Series refences that may not hit home with younger viewers who were introduced to Star Trek via The Next Generation.At times, Lower Decks feels more like an animated The Orville. But, that's not necessarily a bad thing.","rating":"7\/10","date":"21 August 2021"}
{"title":"Very Enjoyable","review":"UpdateI absolutely LOVE the baby space bug suckling on the nacelle in the intro.Nearly done binging season two. I'm loving the graphics. Watching on the iPad the details are very sharp. The exterior views of the Cerritos with the tiny lights are awesome. So far the plots have been inventive. The characters have grown on me. Animation can offer experiences impossible for live action to depict. S2 ep 10 removing the outer hull panel by panel while in flight? I never could have anticipated that. Brilliant. I have not been a huge fan of animation, but the creativity here is exciting and inspiring.Dolphins in uniform! Ahhahaha! Surprises every few seconds. Hope the next seasons are just as good. Fun stuff.","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 January 2024"}
{"title":"Better than Discovery and Picard","review":"Of the new Star Trek series, this is the best. It's not TNG, but what can be?","rating":"6\/10","date":"1 November 2020"}
{"title":"Good fun","review":"A great addition to the Star Trek universe, a fun, light hearted show with the core ideals of Roddenberry's Star Trek nicely incorporated. If you don't like it... dont watch it. (which is my policy for Star Trek Discovery!)","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 October 2020"}
{"title":"Again a wasted opportunity","review":"Visually TNGish nostalgic but not star trek. Sorry. CBS for God sake cancel the contract with bad reboot and Kurtzman and hire Seth MacFarlane and reintegrate the original license...Last episode was pretty good... Why!? ... because it followed original Roddenberry lines and Canon.","rating":"7\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"An insult to what Star Trek stood for.","review":"We honestly do not need a toilet humor version of Star Trek. This is a degradation of the principles, moral and educational standpoints our beloved franchise is known for. Boycott this trashy attempt of making a cartoon. Gene Roddenberry would be ashamed of this piece of trash and the fact they have been given authorization to use the brand name.","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Great for fans of Star Trek!","review":"If you don't enjoy this show, you have forgotten how to have fun. Is it serious? No. Is it funny? Yes. Are there great Star Trek references? Yes. Is it cheesy? Yes. Does it live up to the standards of a great Star Trek show? YES!The characters are great. The writing is funny and quick witted. It takes existing ideas and presents them from a great new perspective adding a new dynamic to the universe. It is the perfect addition to an IP that is, frankly, floundering to find itself.Go in with an open mind and enjoy the frivolity!","rating":"8\/10","date":"18 October 2020"}
{"title":"Whole fam loves this brilliant show that we've turned into a family game!","review":"This little animated gem is a love-letter to the rest of the Star Trek universe; it's brilliant and hilarious at the same time. \"Lower Decks\" is the best animated Star Trek series and is nothing at all like 1973's \"Star Trek: The Animated Series\" (which is the only ST series that no one in my family likes).... Although Star Trek \"Prodigy\" could become a contender if\/when it resumes...Me, my husband, and our 7-year-old daughter all love \"Lower Decks\". We watch 1 or 2 episodes every night before \"bedtime\" and have seen each episode of the current 4 seasons at least 6 times. And we're STILL finding new little \"easter eggs\" and references to the rest of the Star Trek universe in it, which makes it so much fun! We love how it stays true to the ST universe but is also tongue-in-cheek full of self-mockery at the same time. We're all fans of the ST universe and combined we have seen every episode of each series and all the movies, but none of us has yet seen each episode\/movie on our own. So, when one of us catches a reference in \"Lower Decks\" to another ST show or movie, we go watch the referred-to episode\/movie all together as a family. It's been such a great way to re-discover all of ST and bring our daughter into the universe. I think this is the show that turned all 3 of us into true Trekies! Bring on the conventions!","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 February 2024"}
{"title":"Simple but brilliant","review":"A beautiful love letter to Trek whilst also poking a little fun at some of the sillier moments of the franchise whilst telling some fun new stories!","rating":"10\/10","date":"19 August 2021"}
{"title":"This is the best series in the world!!","review":"Why? Well, this is very funny. I like Beckett Mariner very much, she is one strong girl and her jokes are very good. Brad Boimler is fun too, and so is Rutherford x Tendi, which is pretty cool. If you wathed Star Trek before, then you will find the jokes in Lower Decks VERY FUNNY and you will laugh all loud! The adventures are also very interesting, it doesn't mean this is a series for young watchers just because it's animated. I had a lot of surprises when watching animated shows, and this is one nice surprise! I like it very much and I recommand it with all my heart! I can't wait for season 3 to be available in my country so I can continue watching!","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 March 2024"}
{"title":"worse than expected","review":"Its just awul. Also it promotes harassement as beeing okay when it is done by a female against a young male. Thats how far we have come.","rating":"","date":"10 September 2020"}
{"title":"Throw it out the nearest airlock","review":"Not even remotely close to what Star Trek is about.As a lifelong Trekkie I've seen Bolian turds with more substance and appeal than this show. Avoid it like Borg Space, set your remote to kill and change the channel. If I was a Ferengi I'd give it away for free.Very disappointed...","rating":"7\/10","date":"1 September 2020"}
{"title":"And the Betazoid characters voice is? S4, E5","review":"And the Betazoid character is? S4, E5 Emapthological Fallacies. Pretty sure that Cathiw was voiced by Wendie Malick? Looked thru all character profiles but couldn't find the character's voice actor referenced.Star Trek: Lower Decks is great fun to watch with many surprise guests and the Easter Eggs are just great to watch out for. Like all Trekkies I will watch this show many times and laugh every time. Loving Season 4 as writers, crew and voice actors are doing a terrific job. It takes a village to make a show and so many contributors should be proud of what is created on Star Trek: Lower Decks.","rating":"10\/10","date":"29 September 2023"}
{"title":"Shove it out the nearest airlock!","review":"Was hopeful, but to put it mildly, this comes across as a show written by people who obviously hate Star Trek for people who hate Star Trek.","rating":"7\/10","date":"11 August 2020"}
{"title":"Lighten up","review":"Yes, it's a bit silly but it's fun and irreverent with witty references. It's an expansion on the franchise, people could take it a little less seriously and enjoy it for what it is.","rating":"10\/10","date":"26 August 2021"}
{"title":"Don't get the hate","review":"Lets be honest. Its far from perfect. But the 1's? Really?It some funny bits, some nods to old trek.Its more than watchable and, if it follows general Star Trek 'tradition' it will only get better.","rating":"6\/10","date":"22 September 2020"}
{"title":"What were they thinking?","review":"This is just awful in everyway possible. It is too childish for an adult audience and embarrassing for younger kids (two of the characters start running around in their underwear in the first episode). What were they thinking when they created this disaster? Heck, were they even thinking? Kill this embarrassment now before anymore dreadful episodes are foisted on an unsuspecting public.","rating":"1\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"1 stars aren't Trek fans. Just disgruntled (or paid?) trolls who get a dopamine rush from hating everything","review":"The fact that even individual episode scores are ranked higher than 7 in many cases and the overall show is (currently) 5.9 should tell you everything about the sham of the scores people spammed on the main show page.Those 1 stars aren't people who are actually watching the show, and more often than not, their goal isn't to ENJOY anything anyway. It's now become in-fashion to hate on new takes of popular nerd franchises that aren't 100% exactly like the fantasized version these people have in their heads. There are Youtube channels that base their entire business model on corralling and focusing people on hating anything new. They should be dismissed and ignored.Now, about the show itself. It's a show that seems like it shouldn't work on paper, and yet it DOES. Sure, it's not perfect, and the pacing of the dialogue may not be to everyone's tastes, but it's very clear that this show is made by Trek fans who LOVE STAR TREK. The visuals, the sound design, the music. It all invokes a TNG feel. The themes are optimistic and lighthearted. As a comedy it doesn't take itself too seriously, but it's just at the right level of absurdity that it stays in the realm of homage instead of parody. I applaud the showrunners for striking such a difficult balance. Even my 60-something year old father who grew up watching TOS enjoys this show. If you really are a Trek fan who strives to live a Trek ethos and are open to new things, there will be something you'll like in this show. Curmudgeons be damned.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 September 2020"}
{"title":"Life long trekker","review":"Loving what I've seen so far. Some good reverential nods to the past, and it's made me laugh out loud on more than one occassion. Some trekkies just don't like anything new.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 August 2020"}
{"title":"Wife and I absolutely love it, looking forward to watching it together each week","review":"The animation is simple, but enjoyable. The dialogue is funny, the characters are entertaining and engaging, and the pacing is excellent. Never boring at all, which is high praise from me. Accept it for what it is, and be entertained for 20 minutes. If you're looking for art, look elsewhere.","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek, but not Star Trek. And funny.","review":"I'm struggling to understand the negative reception to this show.It is set in the Star Trek universe, but it's not meant to be yet another \"proper\" Star Trek. It's obvious the creators\/writers are massive Trekkies, but they've still managed to make this series their own.6 episodes in, the show is dynamic, very funny with high gag\/joke content, and Tawny Newsome as Beckett Mariner just makes any episode better! Not that other characters aren't great, but Tawny's character and voice acting performance just make the show even better than it already is.","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 September 2020"}
{"title":"Fun start","review":"Animation is great. Voice cast is fantastic. Jokes are pretty good.","rating":"","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"The animated series, volume 2","review":"I switched off Discovery after episode 3. Picard lasted 5 episodes. Lower Decks I gave it the whole season and to tell the truth it is very uneven. It tries to be all at once, a Star Trek show, some soapy melodrama, talk show, your average sitcom and even a bit of the famed \"The Orville\" is hidden in there somewhere but all those small parts don't add up too well with each other and the first season has made the best of it just by showing everything it could be later on and I have to admit I was left hooked on this show way more simply because it feels more like a Star Trek show after the two huge disappointments in the face of Discovery and Picard. The main characters are flat and seem one-dimensional but there is something bigger lies inside each of those characters and I only had a glimpse of that so I guess I have to tune in the season 2 when it comes out. The stories and dialogues pay homage to previous ST series heavily but are overall forgettable unless the level of writing increases so for now I give it an 8\/10 just because it's the best Star Trek out of all we've got right now but it can change as long as we will boldly go for some things that we've never seen before.UPDATE: fascination with this series didn't last long as I switched off after mid-2nd season due to it being unbearably unfunny and becoming less and less Star Trek-y - and now off to Prodigy which feels promising after 10 episodes.Final rating is 7\/10.","rating":"7\/10","date":"12 October 2020"}
{"title":"It's only one episode in","review":"Haters gonna hate. First episode was good but not amazing, but you could say that about the first episode of literally any Star Trek show ever made. The crowd out there who are determined to crap all over anything new in the Trek universe are going to hate this no matter what, but it looks great and feels like it has a lot of potential. I do hope the lead character gets a little less annoying though.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"super, super mediocre","review":"You get a bunch of nondescript voice actors, computer-animated characters, a dying IP (Star Trek TNG), and put these non-characters into cookie-cutter adventures with mild adult humour, subdued drug, alcohol and sex references, and throw in a whole bunch of clean office humour and some pewpew laz0rs, and you got Lower Decks, a dead-on-arrival adult-animation show that's all filler and zero fun.Join the exciting lives of the new Starfleet recruits as they get assigned to their menial jobs aboard the USS Cerritos, where we will have to love these absolutely average boardroom-designed characters who yell a lot, dream of things we don't care about, and desperately, DESPERATELY try to be a protagonist when in reality they are nothing but NPCs.If you want to watch THE SAME SHOW but actually done better, watch Superstore.","rating":"6\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Season 1 was good, but they stepped up in season 2","review":"The first season was pretty good, but it was mostly about making fun of Star Trek and cashing in on nostalgia for another Star Trek that isn't the reboot.Season 2 is something else all together. Its put together much better. Each episode is an original Star Trek episode with the crew dealing with various things or people that appeared in other series and you see the ppl on the lower decks having to deal with it. Some episodes address questions that you'd ask while watching other Star Trek series.The only reason why I rated it 9, because in pure Trekky fashion on my part, there's continuity problems with the timeline and their uniforms, and the advanced tech voyager brought back\/developed. The series is happening during Enterprise-D, but there are characters and references to the Enterprise-E period because Tom Paris appears and some comments about DS9. This could be explained in the series as the crew of the Cerritos as being of such low priority, Star fleet hasn't given it to them yet or gave them all the overstock. Everyone else should have been wearing the new ones. It would have made a great running joke, but it was missed.There's a lot of small details that only hard core fans would notice that they should mention or put in, like the carpet on the bridge, the joystick, 10cc of cortazene, the plaques, exploding panels, etc.Great series over all, but there isn't a true hardcore trekky on their writing team.","rating":"9\/10","date":"29 September 2021"}
{"title":"Wanted to hate this.... but I can't","review":"I really didn't want to like this, especially after picard and the burnam show, this was actually enjoyable. I would love it to be 10\/15 minutes longer and maybe abit more serious but keep the wackyness of it. Really surprised as I absolutely lost interest in trek shows... this made it fun again.","rating":"7\/10","date":"14 October 2020"}
{"title":"What a missed opportunity","review":"I've watched one episode and the season preview so things could change, I hope they do.I was excited about an animated series because I thought it'd be a cheaper format for them to do some really exciting stuff-- intricate plot lines and locations\/creatures it'd be prohibitively expensive to do in other formats-- but the writing is brain dead. They've sacrificed any semblance of good Trek for comedy and they didn't even get that right. It's not funny.I just don't know who they made this for. It certainly isn't for me, a lifelong Trek fan. Hell, I even liked Enterprise and watch the new stuff without complaint, but this is just disappointing because it could have been so good and they've made it so awful.I'm sure they've done the market research and they have sound financial incentive for making a crappy comedy Trek show. And I honestly hope it makes somebody a gazillionaire because at least then it couldn't be said to have been utterly pointless.","rating":"5\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"You're wrong","review":"Anyone who dislikes Lower Decks clearly doesn't get Star Trek. This is a work of deep understanding and love of the original material.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"Great Show So Far! Purist Should Not Apply!","review":"People are not taking it. For what it is - a SCI FI Comedy in Space. For those expecting a serious show, this is not for you. IT IS A CARTOON! What did you expect? For those that appreciate \"Final Space\" on TBS or old school Red Dwarf will like this a lot. If you like SCI FI comedy, it is a must!","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Fun even if you're not a Trekkie","review":"I am not a big Star Trek guy, in fact I am more of The Expanse kind of guy, and I do love sci fi overall. This is such a great show that has good light comedy, and some depth to it.Every character in the show are enchanting, delightful and likeable, even their flaws are relatable.I reckon this is a great show for both Star Trek fans and new, it may not be the staple of Star Trek but it still has the Star Trek heart in there, more so than some of the current shows out there and I love it.Like many shows, it takes a bit to get it's footing into the Star Trek theme but it's there and despite liking Season 1, I love the show by Season 2. I hope to see more seasons!","rating":"10\/10","date":"19 September 2022"}
{"title":"Hilarious and so much potential","review":"I just watched the first episode and loved it! The set up for character growth was a clearly laid foundation. Plus it was so funny! I laughed through the whole thing. I can't wait to watch the rest of this show!","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"It's changing my mind","review":"This show started off pretty dull in my opinion. Leaning way to hard on Nostalgia berries, and trying to trigger the \"oh, my god I remember that\".But... it's slowly winning me over. A handful of decent episode got me to push on till season 2, where the real good stuff is hiding. This show is actually at its best when it aims for a more serious tone, keep it humorous without becoming a joke.","rating":"7\/10","date":"27 October 2021"}
{"title":"Rick & Morty + Star Trek = HILARIOUS!","review":"This show makes fun of Star Trek in all of the best ways!! So stoaked that the makers of Rick and Morty chose to jump on the Star Trek game, and give us a modern halarious adult cartoon!","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Hilarious show...lighter side of Star Trek","review":"This show feels like the love child of Archer and Star Trek. Hilarious and irreverent.Without giving any spoilers, expect lots of references to earlier TNG, DS9, and Voyager incidents.If you like Star Trek and want something lighthearted, you'll enjoy it.","rating":"","date":"5 November 2021"}
{"title":"Final space","review":"I like it\nI like final space\nDo you like final space\nIf you like this you will like that for sure","rating":"7\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"LD & SNW are a Return to What Makes Star Trek Great","review":"But they all need to have more episodes. 10 episode seasons are lame. Star Trek should not be a soap opera. And the audience is not impressed with SFX. They are fanatical about 20+ episodes of storyboard gold. That's why Star Trek is practically the only TV shows that I watch, and why I watch TNG, DS9, VOY, LD, and (by the looks of it, also) SNW on repeat-recycle.LD: it's beautiful, very easy for them to make it very sci-fi with animation; it's cute, and one of the funniest Star Treks ever; it focuses on delivering a canon-storyline while also aggressively expanding the universe. It's just downright great. But the seasons need to be longer.","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 May 2022"}
{"title":"Clone of the \"Final Space\" series which wasn't great to begin with","review":"This show seems like it was made by the people that made Final Space with Rick and Morty nonsense thrown in. I am not a fan of either of those shows.Couldn't they just make a normal animated series like Futurama or Star Wars? What's with the super fast paced talking like everyone is out of breath?Meh, a show to kill time, not much more unless it improves.","rating":"6\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Confusing","review":"This show doesn't know what it wants to be. I got all the ST references but none of them made me laugh. I guess comedy is subjective but this show tries to be funny but is not. It seems like they wanted to make a final space, Rick and Morty, type of show with the star trek logo slapped on it. I might give it another episode.","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Just lovely","review":"Don't mind all the angry star wars people, it's super fun and enjoyable","rating":"9\/10","date":"18 September 2020"}
{"title":"Learning to laugh at ourselves","review":"I confess that I was very concerned about how the jokes of this Aninmation would be made.\nAnd to a pleasant surprise ... they were well above the average of what we see out there ... very respectful of the Star Trek Universe and full of affective references to the Star Trek fan. We have to learn to laugh at ourselves, who are depicted on that ship.\nI really enjoyed the first episode and now we will continue to follow the others that we hope will maintain the same level.\nDETAIL: Open Credits are sensational !!","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"I Feel Like I'm Wearing Eyeliner and a Goatee in a Parallel Universe....","review":"I seriously wondered if a cadre of ABC Haters made their way over here and get paid by the word?Lower Decks is just a lot of fun. I said (in the first 5 minutes) \"This has a real 'Rick and Morty' flavor\" which is just great fun and it lends itself to the tropes of Star Trek. I loved how the opening salvo poked some of the stodgier Trek tropes right in the eye - and I am a lifelong Trek fan! Also, at one point as we were backing up to catch the rapid-fire jokes in one scene, my husband and I remarked how this even had a little of the Galaxy Quest spice in the mix!I would say some people need to unclench and enjoy the ride. This is crazy fun if you let it be and pay attention for 'Easter Egg' jokes and you will laugh your ass off. I, personally, can't wait for more! Well done!","rating":"9\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Honestly people need to stop being so judgy","review":"I think this is something new and fresh, its like a better version of final space and that has a 8.3 on IMDB.Stop hatting and just watch the show.","rating":"9\/10","date":"21 August 2020"}
{"title":"This one is bad. Really bad.","review":"Nothing Trek about it besides the theming and lame references. The two red shirt characters are just too much to take. Why is the cast constantly shouting? It's like the whole cast is hopped up on cocaine and loving it but all the viewer gets is that nasty cocaine taste. This show is ear torture. I watched 3 episodes and I can't recall a single character name or the ship. I like every single Star Trek show besides this one. It's not funny. It's not creative. It's just annoying. I was going to give 5 stars but reliving those episodes in my head while writing this made me go with 3 instead. Speaking of 3. I hated episodes 3 the most because as I realized it too was horrible, I began to hate myself for having watched the first two episodes. The Intro to the show has the ship falling into a space phenomenon only to escape followed by an alien sucking on the ship. This was supposed to be funny? Why? These are exact scenarios that happen regularly on Star Trek. Ships fall into holes, Aliens attach to the ship. If the Alien farted...At least you're would have a fart joke. It's as if nobody even tried for it to be funny. BAD!!!!","rating":"","date":"24 August 2020"}
{"title":"To averagely go where everyone else has already gone before","review":"Well this series is kind of average.Whats good? As I rated this a 6 instead of a 5!Art & animation is pretty top notch and the voice actors are definitely doing their duty.Some of the stories\/scripts are actually good.Finally the working class Starfleet is a good idea with plenty of potential.So now here's where its dragged down to a very average show.While the art is good the character designs look like Rick & Morty wannabes. The characters would have been better if they had gone for something original. I smell lazy!The working stiff Star trek is as I said a good concept but is rarely used some (very few) story's highlight how just getting the job done is important. The Buffer time episode did this well but instead the lower deck crew has to keep saving the incompetent command crew stories quickly become stale. I smell lazy!I'm frustrated at the missed opportunity this show is due to the creative side being SO LAZY!Despite this it is not a bad show and has more good than bad but if they continue in this LAZY vein I see no future for this show which is a shame.The Star Trek Next Generation episode Lower Decks showed how it could be done, so do it!I want to like this show as considerable work has been put into it but if they continue to be so creatively lazy I don't think I'll watch any more.","rating":"6\/10","date":"4 May 2022"}
{"title":"More Star Trek than Star Trek (Discovery, Picard)","review":"What I said : More Star Trek than Star Trek (Discovery, Picard)They all tried too hard and too woke. They missed the beat. Completely.Hats off to this cartoon series. Captured the embodiment of what we love about Star Trek, but with a new vibe.","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 February 2021"}
{"title":"Grows on you","review":"Almost stopped watching after the 1st two episodes, glad I didn't. Fits in the Star-Trek universe and look forward to season two","rating":"6\/10","date":"18 February 2021"}
{"title":"Outstanding addition to the Star Trek Universe","review":"Like the very best satires, Star Trek Lower Decks succeeds in being very funny while at the same time remaining true to the spirit of earlier series.The show tracks the (mis)adventures of a motley crew of junior officers on the USS Cerritos, a second tier Federation starship. The timeline of the series takes place post-Next Generation.Although our heroes are recognisably Zoomers when it comes to general attitudes, they prove themselves more than capable of rising to the occasion when circumstances demand.I was skeptical when I started the show but soon found myself thoroughly enjoying the stories and character development arcs.","rating":"9\/10","date":"19 November 2023"}
{"title":"Why so serious?","review":"Don't go into expecting serious trek show. This is a comedy, in style of Family Guy, Simpson, and Futurama. As an over the top parody, it works. There enough in side jokes and nods to make Trek. Is great Trek? No. Is better then Discovery and Picard? Yes.","rating":"7\/10","date":"19 April 2021"}
{"title":"What a Joke","review":"An abysmal addition to the Star Trek universe. I'm all for a good laugh, but this attempt at Trek humour is witless, lowest-common-denominator, Saturday-morning-cartoon drivel. CBS and its current line of shows has truly ruined Star Trek.","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Good Fun","review":"I really don't understand all the negative reviews as it is so much fun!\nA lighthearted comedic show set in Star Trek universe.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"This is pretty good.","review":"Relax,people,this is just an animated comedy,nothing more and it was the time for something more optimistic.I give it 10 stars for the TNG style of the aliens and the ships,because it reminds me of the golden era of the franchise.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not perfect, but really enjoyable.","review":"I don't understand all the negative reviews, other than to simply point at people saying they want something new but in the end wanting more 90s trek. It's different than previous series, but still very enjoyable. Plus, with the exception of TOS, all the previous Trek series have spent most of the first season trying to find their voices, this is no different.","rating":"9\/10","date":"23 September 2020"}
{"title":"I like it! (fan of star trek,love death robots etc)","review":"I'm a trekky but i'm more of a lurker on imbd, like most people i think.\nBut these early reviews are way too harsh.\nOk, so if you like dark humour i think you might like it.","rating":"9\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"Absolutely abysmal","review":"Too unfunny to be for adults (childish humor of the lowest common denominator), and it's too insulting to be for kids too (the very first episode promotes PORN). I'm not even gonna go at how it is a sacrilege against anything canon Trek.","rating":"","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"A fun and quirky show that has a faint taste of Star Trek","review":"I really enjoyed this show and I think most people who love old school Star Trek will if they don't take it too seriously. It is a parody of what we love and it hits the mark perfectly so many times.Admittely, some aspects get a bit too goofy such as badgie, but most things actually work, the whole second contact by an unimportant starship is a hilarous contrast to classic trek.There is some depth to the different characters, but don't expect too much in that area. Just shut off your brain and enjoy the most faithful cannonical trek we have gotten in the past 20 years!","rating":"7\/10","date":"21 June 2021"}
{"title":"A Funny Trek!","review":"I have seen a lot of comments about this show and I find them all to be overly harsh or written with people putting expectations from what they want from Trek at all times and not nothing but that.Lower Decks its fun. Period. It it a comic take on life not on the bridge in a fast paced, comic manner filled with easter eggs and fan service. Is it an epic like TNG? Absolutely not, however that's not its goal, which many people are seeming to be blind to.Star Trek does not need to always be serious epics constantly wrestling what it means to be human, what life is, politics and all the other things that makes Star Trek wonderful. I love each and every one of those aspects having grown up on Trek and being a diehard. However Lower Decks... its not canon! Its lighthearted fun. It is not ruining the lore of Star Trek, it is not changing the Klingons like a current show did, its not overhauling the Romulans like another current show did. Its not harming Star Trek at all but my word some people seem to think of it as the devil.Lower Decks never set out of be a epic, extremely deep story telling, \"there are four lights\" moments. It is a comedy people.Is it going to be for everyone? No. Does that mean its bad? No! I had many laugh out loud moments and really enjoyed the story so far. Is it for all Trek fans (possibly those who grew up with ST:O in its original release? Probably not.For far too long Trek has taken itself far to seriously. Discovery has had a lot of trouble finding its feet and Picard is (pains me to say this) terrible. If you want to rail against a show then Picard (I can't believe I am typing this) is your target. This show is doing exactly what its mean to do, which is being a fun Trek based cartoon. Its a great change from what we usually get.My only \"complaint\" is I wish the episodes were longer or all released at once because I really want to binge this!","rating":"8\/10","date":"11 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek spoofs itself.","review":"Mel Brooks once said that you should only spoof the things that you love. And, Star Trek spoofs itself well here.","rating":"7\/10","date":"29 April 2021"}
{"title":"Great first episode","review":"I've been looking forward to this show and I can honestly say it's a great start! \uf8ff\u00fc\u00f2\u00c5 Not sure why there are so many negative reviews...figure more trek fans like myself would enjoy the humor. Can't wait for the next episode. Oh by the why I like Enterprise when it first aired also! Sometimes I think there are way to many haters in trek universe.","rating":"9\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not great, but a lot of fun.","review":"Final Space meets Star Trek. No really belly laughs, but it's a lot of lighthearted fun with endearing characters.","rating":"7\/10","date":"28 September 2020"}
{"title":"A spit in the face that is the legacy of star trek.","review":"This is NOT star trek and got nothing to do with star trek. It's just a cheap cartoon that rob the star trek name and superficials to cash grab. It's neither thought provoking nor meaningful social commentary.How can decision makers \"ok\" this? How can writers and directors stain their names with this garbage and disrespect everything that's star trek?","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Starts good and gets even better","review":"Ok, so by the end of Season 3 I feel that they have fully hit their stride and I'm settling in hoping that this will be a long haul show.Season 1 and 2 were possibly more comical, however with season 3 I feel that they have introduced the opportunity for full \"Star Trek\" level adventures with the characters.Some of the characters that felt wooden in the first season have been fleshed out, and whilst still very stereotypical, have become more entertaining and engaging. The main characters have been toned down to become more rounded as well leading to a show that is truly entertaining.The setting, being that of fleet support ships gives a wonderful opportunity to meddle with all sorts of things without breaking canon - effectively leaving the \"big events\" to the ships like the Enterprise whilst providing enough adventure. The scenes involving capital ships (like the Titan) simply help reinforce the limited capabilities of the USS CerritosThere are a few weak episodes amongst the first three seasons, but nothing that would stop the viewing and with the wonderful support cast as well as cameos from old familiar faces makes me look forward to seeing what scrapes the USS Cerritos will end up in next.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 November 2022"}
{"title":"The Best star trek show out there","review":"I have seen this show so many times its for me the Best star trek show. It doesn't make fun of star trek you can se that the creaters clearly Are fans of star trek and thart is what makes this show so good.","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 February 2022"}
{"title":"Ignore The Haters","review":"This is a really funny show. It is my favorite of the new Star Trek shows!","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 September 2020"}
{"title":"Gold for trekkies","review":"How can a show be both a parody and a loving homage to the franchise it's part of? Lower Decks does it! Great show, the first 3 episodes just keep getting better. Just don't take it too seriously, OK.? You want serious, watch Picard or Discovery. That doesn't mean you can't love ALL of them!","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 August 2020"}
{"title":"Irritating","review":"People sometimes say to me that I talk too fast. This show made me realise how irritating such thing can be. And it's not just \"fast\" for this show, it's also the constant screaming, like everyone is some kind of neurotic on stimulators. I mean, it's not so bad at first, but starts to feel weird and forced quite soon. Which is the main problem for the show: it is unnatural. Sure, it's trendy and cynical and all, but this is what kills it. This \"real people act like crap and swear all the time\" stuff is kinda getting old, especially when it is done all the time. Like literally all the time, this is just example of people who don't understand darc comedy or parody trying to come up with oh so much edgy things and hyperbolization. They just don't get it, which is a shame really, since star trek universe could use some well-thought dark humor.Though, maybe I am biased, since I also love to rate shows on how irritating they are in their heteronormativity. And this one is very irritating. Not even in the quiet \"this is how things go here for everyone\" way, but in the \"I will shove some of these unnecessary things into your face\" way. So yeah, a hard no, especially for an edgy comedy about exploring beyonds and whatsoever.","rating":"","date":"8 April 2021"}
{"title":"Eh","review":"This show appears okay, but I think its due to the fact that the other dribble that's been released over the years has tainted the water so much that we'd take anything that's a slight improvement.I should preface that I don't enjoy cartoons as is, and the only cartoon that will ever score above an 8 in my books is Futurama!With that all said, this show is for me, the antithesis of Trek. And I don't mean in the way that Discovery or Picard is (They are just bad attempts at Trek).This show stems from ideas built in classic trek, but does a great deal to defy them and parody them. There is respect to visual and universal continuity. There is good homages to old shows. But, characters are not upstanding, and to be honest they don't convince you of the 24th century that was sold to us in TNG becuase this is a parody.It's a low effort commedy show with bleeped out swearing because hahah funny, naughty words. (Not that swearing wasn't bad enough in Discovery).It's just eh. And, maybe its made for someone else, and I'm not in the target audience. I think being a parody, and it also being labled \"canon\" is a huge problem for me.I personally think parodys are best left to films\/TV outside of the franchise, that have their own universes. Galaxy Quest and the Orville for example. Its far better, to make a parody of the show and the technicalities of that show, then it is to try and make jokes about a universe, whilst being in universe.I can't criticise it for the same reasons as I can Picard and Discovery. So perhaps, it is enjoyable for others. It doesn't have my type of humour.To me; Morn as a background character whose existence is a literal gag in a show that is serious? That is funny. Farnsworth making a quantum mechanics jokes on a show airing in the 2000s before mainstream science communication? That is funny.But others may find it funny, and that's okay; Hence why I'm not scoring it very low. I can see the appeal.","rating":"6\/10","date":"6 September 2022"}
{"title":"Live short and hate everything ?","review":"All the hate in the reviews doesn't fit with my idea of Gene's Star Trek. The good production value of Lowers Decks should earn it 5 stars as a minimum. There's creativity and outside-the-box ideas. Voice acting may be going a little overboard at times. Seeing only 10 or 1 star ratings is pretty dishearting for Star Trek, a show about space diplomacy and empathy.","rating":"8\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not brilliant, but not awful either","review":"I don't know, what all these people ranting got all worked up about. After that massive insult that was Picard, I didn't expect much, but an attempt for a cartoon comedy take in Star Trek. And that it delivered.Is it the greatest SciFi cartoon comedy of our time? No, that crown absolutely goes to Final Space. But it is also not the total dumpster fire we become used to with new Star Trek formats.Also the level of \"woke\" that's constantly mentioned in the rants is dialed way down. Every character has their moment to shine and their flaws (and they're pretty big flaws if you ask me).But it's a comedy, even if not all the jokes hit. At least they tried something different and it's not that bad compared to the last 10 years of Star Trek.","rating":"6\/10","date":"5 September 2020"}
{"title":"Gets better after 2nd viewing","review":"There's been worse pilots in my opinion, and, controversially, I did try to watch this with an open minded being a Trekkie since 5.The comedy sort of misses the mark but not by much. But what fascinates me is how they tackle the fundamental issue of humanity: technology improves but we stay the same-there's arrogance, there's shirking of responsibility, nihilism, how we easily give up on people if they are \"different\" or don't conform to our ideals. That's a great place for character development for all everyone in the show.Finally, the uncomfortable truth: senior officers treat each other differently from \"lower decks.\" How many red shirts have died with no second thought? Scotty brings his NEPHEW to the bridge to prioritize his care even though ALL OF ENGINEERING suffered casualties. Kirk breaks rules and steals Federation property PAID (yes, no money but there's still a market of ideas and resources in the universe) by Federation members to save his FRIEND. What about ensign Timmy (Star trek's Seaman Timmy)?I'm happy it's here. I'm happy there's Star Trek. I'm ready to see where Star Trek wants to bring me today and tomorrow.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Entertaining but has a few misses","review":"This is a good show and I do enjoy watching it. The main character could use a lot of work but that can be mostly looked over. They try very hard to make her come across as rebellious and tough but it all feels very forced, fake and awkward. Other than the scenes with the main characters desperate acts for attention, it's funny and good hearted.","rating":"6\/10","date":"10 August 2022"}
{"title":"Not sure what this thing is trying to be","review":"I am guessing an adult animated comedy with the constraints of U rated jokes and confined by Star Trek canon. I don't think Rick and Morty had much to worry about.","rating":"4\/10","date":"26 March 2021"}
{"title":"Love It","review":"This show hit its stride in season 2. Campy. Full of obscure mid-90s fan service. Likable ensemble cast. Bite-sized episodes. Irreligious humor. Only a few of these things are often associated with Star Trek, and yet it feels like the most faithful rendition of Trek in years. If you grew up on Star Trek that was more likely to feature a string quartet than firing the ship's phasers, you'll find this show hilarious.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 May 2022"}
{"title":"it's my opinion and doesn't have any spoiler","review":"Personally, I think this series wonderful, I like the comedy , I like the ideas, the plot and his drawing style, so a 10\/10.I don't know enough about the original universe to give a better assessment of this work but I personally really liked it and you can see in the course of this work that it often makes reference to the universe that is portrayed in the movie and in the series\nso this series is good and in every episode he has like multiples plots twists and you never have any ideia that are the next episode and i think that is wonderful because the series never gets predictable.And finally if you come to see this work you will not be regret it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 October 2022"}
{"title":"A great addition to the Trek universe","review":"People were pissed off at Discovery and Picard for being \"too dark\" and not being episodic. Lower Decks is both lighthearted and episodic, and it pokes fun at classic Trek without mocking it (and even adds to the lore) and people are still pissed off. There's literally no pleasing this fandom. As for myself, I've been a Star Trek fan my entire life, and I am loving this show so far. I eagerly await what comes next!","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek in a different light","review":"I'm a fan of all the Star Trek TV series and movies from The Original Series through all the new CBS shows. Watching The Lower Decks it's obvious that the writers know Star Trek and are attempting to craft a show from material they love. There's a continuous stream of in-jokes for Trek fans. The whole show is a nod towards tropes that Star Trek embraces throughout its numerous manifestations.For anyone who has actually watched Star Trek, you should know that it didn't always take itself seriously. It likes to have fun sometimes. It wasn't always the same drivel each and every episode and that's part of what made it such a joy to watch and a universe that surpasses so many others. The Lower Decks is not groundbreaking, it is not like any other thing with Star Trek in its name, but when I'm watching it I can tell that it is exactly what it's trying to be.I can't say it's a 10 star show, but it's certainly not a 1 star show. Any time someone tries to create from an established entity, you get all these fans who think they have some kind of creative control over the entity. Everyone is entitled to their opinions, but frankly I don't trust the ratings anymore because of cases like this.","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 August 2020"}
{"title":"A really good idea executed by really stupid people","review":"The concept that it shows the lower decks of Starfleet sounds really cool, too bad that is full of bad writing.Episode one was free for a reason... all the concepts become boring really fast and overdone.Such a disappointment :(As another user said ...Star Trek and Star Wars were ruined by idiots.","rating":"","date":"29 August 2020"}
{"title":"Great Show","review":"The best Star Trek since Shatner banged that green chick.","rating":"7\/10","date":"5 February 2021"}
{"title":"I'm enjoying it","review":"Well, let me start by saying i've not had any interest in the rest of the franchise, yet this show has brought me in, considering watching the movies this evening.it's lighthearted it's funny and maybe it will bring more people to a long standing franchise like myself","rating":"9\/10","date":"23 August 2020"}
{"title":"It's a fun ride for all the what-ifs?","review":"The original series were all spectacular, with lore beyond imagination to build from. This show is different from the other star treks because it deals with the crew and their lives instead of the missions as a focus. I like this show because it's written in canon, so a lot of the stuff we see I've always wanted to see from the other ships and how they function. The sonic showers? So cool. The rank differences? I feel like this is the first time we get to see what it's like to live on starfleet command posts. It's not as funny as it tries to be, and the main character is annoying instead of being like-able, but the show has gumption and heart and arcing storylines.Where it suffers, I believe, is editing. The fast paced sequences match the tone of the editing, but everything else is strapped of personality by being just as fast. It makes it feel like the actors are yelling all the time. The best voice actor is the green girl because she's the one who isn't constantly yelling. And the robot hamper. She also isn't yelling the entire time.If you make it to the end, there's a really fantastic payoff. But a lot of the episodes were really overwhelming because of the constant yelling of the voice actors and the editing during downtime on the ship.The animation nation is stellar, the sound design is also great.","rating":"6\/10","date":"31 July 2023"}
{"title":"Sooooo funny","review":"I just watched the first two episodes. I was laughing harder than when we watched 'The Orville'. So many key references to Star Trek memorabilia. I hope they can keep this up.","rating":"9\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"It gets better once you get past the first few episodes","review":"As a huge Trekkie, after watching the first few episodes it seemed to do more damage to the franchise than expand it in the right way.Not because it sent Star Trek up but just that it did a poor job of doing so.But I stuck with it and gradually it dos get better, as does the writing that now makes it an enjoyable watch.Even some of the actors have come onboard here and there, which does add a degree of credibility to the show too.It will rarely make you laugh but it will often make you smile.","rating":"7\/10","date":"5 September 2021"}
{"title":"Loved it!","review":"This is a very fun spoof of all things Star Trek.\nYeah, the usual crowd of purists are here screaming hatred at it. (They might even tell you that that hot mess 'The Orville' is something to watch!)\nThis was made for Trek fans. It is filled with references and jokes about the series (especially TNG), and they're a lot of fun.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Set phasers to, \"Fan Service\"!","review":"The show is about jokes. But it also works very hard in every episode to reward long-term Star Trek fans. Constant references to the next generation, the original series, and all the other spin offs. The show is smart and an even bigger fan of Star Trek than you are. Every episode encourages you to go to YouTube and watch recap videos to find all the Easter eggs that you missed. Tiny Newsom is a delight! Her voice is so smart, funny and exuberant! Boimler is voiced by Jack Quaid from Amazon Prime Video's The Boys. Supporting characters are developed and the friendships feel real. It's a zany and silly show that still manages to tell decent stories but more importantly, it makes you feel happy and rewarded for investing so many hours and years of attention to this universe. First class Fan Service!","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 October 2022"}
{"title":"Surprisingly fun! Can't wait for more","review":"This gem of a show isn't getting nearly as much coverage as it deserves. It has a lot of heart, characters are to die for, I enjoy the humor very much, filled with the wackiest adventures that are considered a regular day in Starfleet. Also I admire the ingenuity of the creators by looking at Star Trek in a completely different perspective than before. Absolutely loving it. Keep those episodes coming, CBS!","rating":"10\/10","date":"20 September 2020"}
{"title":"Less glorious, but entertaining Star Trek","review":"After watching the trailer I was skeptical and first episode confirmed my worries. I did not like the show, I did not like the comedy. But I liked the characters and so far every Star Trek show started with a weaker first season and picked up the pace later.\nSecond episode was much better and third one was really fun. The show is trying to find its own identity. The character development is challenging in the short format of the sitcom, but it's there. The more I know the characters, the comedy gets better too.\nIt's not the high Star Trek of TNG and it won't be as political and full of intrigue as DS9. But it's still Star Trek - the difference is that it shows the less glorious and more day-to-day life of Starfleet members.\nThere are plenty of references to the other shows and it's fun trying to pick them up. I think I will rewatch Lower Decks just for the Easter eggs after the season is finished.","rating":"9\/10","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"I knew they were desperate to make Discovery look good...","review":"But I didn't realize they were THIS desperate. Childish animation, even more childish Slapstick comedy and Zombies. What Pitiful EXCREMENT.","rating":"","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Open your mind and allow yourself to laugh","review":"I am one of those Trekers who thinks nothing will ever be better than TNG, DS9, and VOY and that JJ Abrams ruined Star Trek. Give this show a shot. Lots of subtle references to all the Star Trek stuff we love. There's enough negativity and sadness in the world today. Take a minute and laugh. LLAP!","rating":"7\/10","date":"4 March 2021"}
{"title":"This was review bombed. Surprisingly good. Surprised me!","review":"If you are a Trekkie you will be satisfied. So many easer eggs. The sound effects and style is very reminiscent of TNG yet refreshed. It's actually perfect they made it a cartoon because you don't see the outdated set design if it were live action and they tried to recreated TNG. My only complaint is that I believe the pacing is too fast. Maybe a longer 40 min episode would be better.","rating":"9\/10","date":"4 September 2020"}
{"title":"Relax people......it's a CARTOON!!","review":"I watched this for what it is.....a cartoon. Been a Star Trek fan since the beginning. This latest offering is fun. Just relax and have fun watching. Someone here made a great point- Next Gen was SO bad it's first few episodes (if not the entire 1st season). Look how that turned out.","rating":"7\/10","date":"25 August 2020"}
{"title":"Fantastic!","review":"Perfectly duplicates TNG style and feel - and then ridicules it mercilessly, but not disrespectfully.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Good and Bad ...","review":"It's great to have a sci-fi cartoon that is connected to the Star Trek universe. The colorful visuals are nice, the locations are constantly changing and the action is non-stop. There's a lot to like about the series.On the other hand, the main characters tend to be abrasive or pathologically flawed in some way. This often shows up as entitlement or bullying. A lot of them seem to need more psychiatric help than space missions.Overall I like the show but rarely find myself laughing. While it's more cruel than uplifting, I do still enjoy the frequent references to TNG, Voyager and the original Star Trek.Given the lack of choices for new Star Trek material - I'll certain take what I can get. So I'll continue to watch it. However, give me a better Star Trek comedy or animated show and I'd be happy to switch.","rating":"6\/10","date":"18 December 2020"}
{"title":"WHY?","review":"Just no. This should not have been made in the first place. Not only is it too embarrassing and childish for Adults but is too cynical and violent for kids, the characters apart from the main male guy are unlikeable (Gee, I haven't seen that before.).This reminds me of another show called Star Wars Resistance where not only did both shows have different animation styles compared to their predecessors but both had a minority female character who is abrasive to the main character and as such, is generally unlikeable and most of the humor comes from the pratfalls of the main character. The problem with both shows is that they both take place in universes that are supposed to have an optimistic feel in the end but sadly, I didn't feel that in both shows and the humor in both definitely misses all the marks. The funny thing is that Resistance was co-created by the same guy who created both Clone Wars and Rebels so I don't really know which writer was to blame for that.Another problem is the showrunner of Lower Decks who was badly chosen. Mike McMahan might have written an episode of Short Treks but his kind of humor doesn't really fit with Star Trek. ANYONE could have done a better job than him: Michael Schur (The Good Place, Parks and Recreation)(My personal pick), Greg Daniels (The Office), Tim Kring (Heroes, Touch), Drew Goddard, etc.To conclude, I didn't like Discovery at all, I thought Picard was good at first but then fell to pieces near the end, but Lower Decks is WAY WORSE than both shows.","rating":"1\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"Season 2 is so good","review":"I have to admit, I was skeptical as to if, the show would be any good. This show is great. And hilarious! It's campy and Starfleet serious at the same time.","rating":"9\/10","date":"27 October 2021"}
{"title":"I wasn't going to write a review...","review":"...But I'm 3 whiskeys deep on a Monday and I thought... Why the hell not. After the first 2\/3 episodes I thought this was \"pretty good\", a light hearted, funny, space crew themed animated series with some good star trek references. then, probably, from epsidoe 5 or so, it becomes excellent. Big fan, don't judge my grammar","rating":"9\/10","date":"25 January 2021"}
{"title":"A sweet sidestep!","review":"Too many Trekkers and Trekkies have Dilithium Crystals up their worm-holes! I've watched and own every Star Trek series and movies, love each one for what it is and do not apply this over-arching, self-serving vision of what it SHOULD be according to my gospel. This is an irreverent, grown-up comedy that pokes fun at the Trek universe and I enjoy it for that, it makes me laugh. I'm so hoping they continue making it. What the heck is wrong with exploring different avenues of enjoying the Trek universe?","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 November 2020"}
{"title":"Ignore all the haters","review":"I have watched everything startrek evermade and this is not!! an insult for\nthe franchise.Just some good old fun with startrek","rating":"10\/10","date":"16 November 2020"}
{"title":"Upper Deckers","review":"Looks like Final Space without the charm. Feels like Rick and Morty without the brilliance.\nThe forced checklist with references to old series makes it pathetic.","rating":"","date":"8 October 2020"}
{"title":"So bad it hurts.","review":"Unfunny dialog, unlikable characters. Bad writing in general, just using the Trek Universe as background only. Completely outside of anything Gene Roddenberry would even consider as the spirit of the show. People that claim to like this, either have never seen the good old Trek shows, have a bad sense of humor or both. Fails as Star Trek, fails as comedy, fails as entertainment.","rating":"6\/10","date":"22 September 2021"}
{"title":"A fun change from the norm","review":"I pretty much watched the whole series in one sitting. I'm very much a Trek fan but whereas I only managed to yawn my through 3 episodes of Picard, Lower Decks had me hooked from start to finish. Fast paced, great humour and Episodes that actually have an ending.\nI can understand that it may not appeal to diehard fans but I feel this massive shift brings a lively fresh breeze into the franchise that seems so stagnant of late.\nCan't wait for season 2 to arrive!","rating":"10\/10","date":"31 January 2021"}
{"title":"It tries hard but falls flat","review":"I was interested in seeing where they take the show. Animated Star Trek, with comedy? Could go far. But unfortunately it didn't take off. Unless the last episode of the season somehow changes course.The characters are one-dimensional. There's the rebel. There's the rule-follower. There's the over-enthusiastic geek. They're exactly that, there's no depth, no character development, no surprises. Flat.The stories try to be Star Trekky, but they aren't really. They have enough of it to hold it slightly together, and then they shove \"comedy\" and \"funny\" into it while removing any aspect of smart or intelligence from it. There's no hidden things. There's no smart undertones. Nothing. It's just \"lols\" for the lowest common denominator.Doesn't help that it looks exactly like Final Space in its style.If you're a die-hard Trekkie, this probably isn't for you.","rating":"6\/10","date":"1 October 2020"}
{"title":"Needs more seasons\/episodes!","review":"This show is coming together and finding it's feet, so many positive fun things about it. The animation is fantastic, the references and Easter eggs are deep. A true trekkies dream, but just as seasons seem to get moving they end. In over 2 years we will have 20 episodes, if they used a more traditional 24 episode season (resulting in 48 in a 2 year period) I think they'd drive further into character and have a real hit on their hands.","rating":"10\/10","date":"19 August 2021"}
{"title":"They need to lay off the focus on the comedy slant and mellow out","review":"The first two episodes were painful. I didn't laugh once until halfway through the second episode, and then it was just once or twice. Episode three was finally I'd call a pretty consistently-amusing episode, even if not all of it was laugh-out-loud.They need to be like X-Files or any other Star Trek (minus the JJ movies or Discovery, which I don't care about) and try to just be straight up Star Trek so the jokes when they happen or comedy-heavy episodes actually mean something. Stop trying to be 100% comic and frenetic all the time. That hasn't worked well and I can't imagine it getting that much better if they keep this up. Also, stop with the rules breaking theme every episode. \"Yeah, let's loot San Franscisco!\" Oh, and ease down with the sideways mouth stuff and the hand gestures... they're way over the top.I have no idea if people have complained about it being too sexy, but I think they need more, not less. The Trill chick was hot and the tension works; it's one of the few things they're getting right. Think of an arctic ice station. Do some research, show runners, and I'm not talking The Thing... though I'm sure that concept will eventually make an appearance. I mean real coed research stations. There's a reason they fly in condoms at every chance.Overall, these episodes need to slow down. They're just too hectic like those awful Dr. Who spin-offs. Since this is streaming, they might as well just start making each one twice the duration. Do something with that tempo and remember that time and space is part of the composition, too.Edit: They literally had a Thing-inspired part of an episode soon after when I did the review, and the later season 2 episodes do become slightly more serious. I still think these could be longer, but they certainly improved them compared to the first few episodes of season 1. I am raising the rating.","rating":"7\/10","date":"30 January 2022"}
{"title":"A really BAD Rick and Morty rip-off!","review":"I never liked these new Star Trek shows, at all. Picard and Discovery proved to me that they don't care about Star Trek anymore. Star Trek and Star Wars have become such tainted brands at this point, and they're now just in it for the money. They don't listen to you, they don't care about you! The animation here is really Rick and Morty-ish, but not in a good way. I don't care about any of the characters.I don't care about the settings and I don't care about the chemistry, it's so stupid. Star Wars and Star Trek are already dead at this point. Oh, and the writing is bad too.","rating":"4\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"It is great though","review":"I dod not think I would like it when I started watching it, because at the first sight it looked like someone was trying to use big name to sell you something, but it turned out to be engaging, hilarious, and characters are very loveable.","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 October 2021"}
{"title":"Don't get all the Bad Ratings!","review":"For finally Trek is back. I think only hardcore STD Fans give it basd ratings withaout even watching it. Its very much the premise of The Orville and i think that is like a Star Trek show would have been with Seth McFarlane as a showrunner. Full of in-jokes to the franchise, full of jokes of other Sci-fi, its just hilarious. And still very true to Trek not Like Discovery or Picard!","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"Know thine audience","review":"I am currently watching an episode as I am writing this and I have to say it's fantastic. Its funny, its smart, and its heartwarming. I find that it has helped my issues with all the other Treks when it comes to humor. While they all have humor, I've always felt something missing. This one takes all the missing humor and crams it in. If you say that its lame, not funny, disturbing, or a disappointment, you need to get something checked. The references, tropes, and chemistry is hysterical and refreshing after the dark place Discovery and Picard left Trek in.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 October 2021"}
{"title":"Perfect to watch and lay back.","review":"Very good show. Nice short episodes. Easy to watch. Funny and still Star Trek. A must watch.","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 January 2021"}
{"title":"Was this a deliberate spoof? And deliberately a bad spoof?","review":"The show tries to capitalize on all of the past live action shows by drawing on stories and characters but fails to live up to the potential by any stretch of the imagination.Take the worst features of The Orville, American Dad, The Simpsons and roll all that crap together and you have episodes of ST: LD.If this was written for simpletons with the IQ of 8 year old children... they hit the mark. It's a train wreck of a show that needs to be killed off before the end of the season!","rating":"","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"A good parody that takes a while to get going","review":"This is definatly a show that takes a while to figure out what it is and what it is doing but by episodes 4 or 5 it really starts to hit its stride as a Star Trek Parody. The problem with the first few episodes is that it feels less like a parody and love letter to the Star Trek francise and more of a critique with easter eggs thrown at us like currancy.But what happens after the 3rd or 4th episode? The Parody kicks in where humerous stories start to really find footing with the humor actually landing and better concepts for the episodes. I enjoyed the idea of a Starfleet Medical Ship for the Weird and wonderful ailments of Star Trek History (Somebody has gone warp 10) and having a specific episode devoted to poking harmless fun at Star Trek movies landed incredibly well.The series has a through line following Boimler in his quest for a promotion with his friend Mariner being an effective thwart. There are classic trek B-stories being ran by Tendi and Rutherford. There are issues with the insorbordinate Mariner character in the first few episodes but these issues do get massaged by mid-season and she becomes a lot more likeable (especially in Episode 9).The show isn't perfect but perhaps it gets Star Trek more so than its sister show Star Trek Discovery. Mariner at times is too critical of the classic Prime Directive becoming very much a Space Meddler in some instances which does fly against the \"we are not space meddlers\" idea that is the foundation of the Prime Directive from the classic series Bibles. There is a distain for this philosophy from modern trek where the contemporary idea is that you should meddle in the affairs of other cultures if they are operating counter to current Euro\/American ideals but this is a discussion about the Franchise in its 2010\/20's iteration.Overall this show is a fun ride and quite enjoyable with several really well done episodes but unfortunately the first few episodes do hold it back and this is where the critisms of Mariner do come from but on the whole I do really look forward to season 2 if they don't fall into the same traps as Season 1 episodes 1-4.","rating":"7\/10","date":"6 January 2021"}
{"title":"Brilliant","review":"An awesome addition to the Star Trek Universe! I'm looking forward to the second season and more!","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"As far as Star Trek shows go, this one's okay.","review":"Star Trek: Lower Decks isn't for everybody; it's got reference-heavy humour that doesn't work for non-fans of the franchise, but it does seem to be building up to something more sincere than a canonical Star-Trek-parody.As a fan of The Original Series and The Next Generation, I can see why some fans thought this sitcom approach didn't work at all for Star Trek: it's a totally different playing field for something Rick-and-Morty-esque. Star Trek is all about exploration, diplomacy, crew members of (star)ships and solving problems with total conviction. It was never meant to have a flash-cartoon-comedy in the mix. With that said, Lower Decks is passively amusing entertainment.The main thing that bothers me about the show is that it's being passed off as canon: and I say it should be an adjacent parallel universe that doesn't conform to all the pre-existing continuity. This ain't Star Trek's version of Star Wars: The Clone Wars, and I can see where the disappointment in this approach came from.Star Trek: Lower Decks is undemanding entertainment, but it's not the worst thing ever made for television. 3\/5 stars.","rating":"6\/10","date":"4 March 2021"}
{"title":"It's great!","review":"Don't let the sad trekkies get to you from their mother's basement. If you like animated comedy and Star Trek or just sci fi in general this show is great.","rating":"10\/10","date":"29 October 2020"}
{"title":"Fun but also annoying","review":"Yeah, the show is fun to watch, lots of great and weird ideas and encounters which made us love Star Trek. But I also agree with reviewers who thought there were too many annoying characters (Freeman and Mariner, will you stop your yelling and freaking out already?) Oh, and Mariner denigrating and bossing Boimler around and then pretending like it's totally ok and best-friendy thing to do got old quickly and is kind of toxic. Is that woke, or more like, misoandry? Also, the worse doc ever that foul-mouthed vulgar cat. It's like all the good manners of Starfleet of the 24th century went out the airlock. I mean, go and rewatch Orville - that's how you do a comedic take on Star Trek.","rating":"6\/10","date":"15 October 2021"}
{"title":"Not Star Trek","review":"As with all of the current Star Trek series, this is not canon. We are not stupid. As a Trekkie, I will not invest any time or money into Star Trek until Alex Kurtzman and Secret Hideout are removed.","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Get It Right","review":"First off to all the unworthy stating this is anyway like Rick and Morty obviously hasn't watched both shows!! If anything its Final Space that it seems to mirror! Watch an episode for yourself if you like final space and star trek you'll more than likely like the show. If your the republican trekkie you probably wont like it! Its not supposed to be serious quit downing a good show because you expect it to be more a future reality its a cartoon!!!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 September 2021"}
{"title":"Great Trek!","review":"As a long time \"old\" Trek fan, this is the best new Trek series out there! The humor is great! Easter eggs endless! Episodes amusing and VERY Trek worthy. The Discovery series disappointed me and made me worry for the future of Star Trek. Lower Decks gives me hope!","rating":"9\/10","date":"7 December 2021"}
{"title":"Make Up Your Own Mind","review":"I love the concept. I love the cast. I thought the writing was cheeky and on point. It has nostalgia in addition to new ideas. As a true Trek geek I like the change up. We already have heavy philosophical Picard (love it) and game changing action in Discovery (love it), but this is a series I want to see grow and develop into something special like R & M.","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"A fun and enjoyable series despite it's many flaws.","review":"I like many people on here have been a fan of Star Trek my entire life. I can see how people say that this is bad, however I genuinely enjoyed it, and unlike Discovery and bits of Picard it does it's best to stick to more traditional Canon and designs (at least from my point of view) I for one can't wait to see what the rest of this series holds.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Unwatchable Garbage","review":"Like everything produced by Alex Kurtzman, Lower Decks is unwatchable garbage that has absolutely nothing to do with the spirit or ethos of Star Trek.","rating":"","date":"20 May 2021"}
{"title":"Fun, just fun","review":"This is just great fun. Yes you need to know something about Star Trek but that is most of the planet!\nThat said, an in depth knowledge isn't a prerequisite, most of the episodes stand on their own merits any franchise knowledge just makes the in jokes funnier.\nIf however you take your Star Trek super seriously don't watch, you'll just get annoyed.\nThe central idea of focusing on the lower decks personnel for the stories is a clever idea and the main four characters mesh well; rebel without a cause, over achiever who wants to get on, glitchy cyborg, attention seeker who wants to be liked. Ultimately the senior personnel need to be drafted in as foils to the main characters and by series end thay occupy as much screen time as the leads.\nThe plot lines are riffs on standard Star Trek adventures (obviously!), the dialogue is crisp, the pace is fast and there is little time to analyse, which is fine.\nI watched the whole first series over a week and it was very welcome evening interlude to the seriousness of life at present. Recommended.prerequisite and most of the episodes stand by themselves","rating":"7\/10","date":"12 March 2021"}
{"title":"Witty and a refreshing take on Star Trek","review":"Final Space meets Orville.. wait.. Star Trek!\nEither way, this is amazingly fun and I cant believe other trekkies are downvoting this show just cause it isnt TNG .","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 August 2020"}
{"title":"Above Average","review":"The first \"adult comedy\" Star Trek series, ST:LD is good, but never really goes for it. Produced by Mike McMahan (Solar Opposites & Rick&Morty), the show has a very \"toned down\" Rick and Morty feel but shoved into the Star Trek universe. As an official Star Trek series it's cool that it gets to make \"in cannon\" jokes about the previous series plot lines, poking fun at specific references to old episodes and even getting past actors to recur their role, but it also makes it a somewhat tough dance around the \"cannon\". In that way its a ton of fun for someone whose somewhat invested in the previous universe lore, but for a passive viewer whose seen maybe a couple Star Treks a lot is going to just go right by them. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but series seems to rely more on nostalgia than originality for its backbone. It's funny, and I kept looking forward to hearing its opening theme, the music was great as always.","rating":"6\/10","date":"7 June 2022"}
{"title":"Not so bad !","review":"Checking the rest of the messages here it looks like I'm a very small minority!\nI really liked the first 2 episodes, I found it funny when it was supposed to be funny and serious when it was supposed to be serious.","rating":"8\/10","date":"18 August 2020"}
{"title":"Please shut up, Mariner!","review":"It's not as fun as I thought. Also, it is difficult to follow the chatter of the characters. The chattering stresses me out, they almost run out of breath, especially Mariner's schizophrenic character. Please shut up Mariner!","rating":"6\/10","date":"11 October 2021"}
{"title":"What a load of utter rubbish","review":"To say this is Star Trek is an insult to Star Trek. It is bad enough that Discovery and Picard and in the Star Trek universe, now you dump this pile of rancid dog excrement on us. That is 26 minutes of my life I won't be getting back.As an avid Star Trek fan all my life I am disgusted that this even shares the same universe as ToS, TNG, DS9, Voyager and Enterprise. It is a sad sad day.I would have given it half a star (Just for the theme tune), but alas I can't go that low.","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Decent so far, lots of potential, high hopes","review":"I feel the show has tremendous potential. The writers need to get brave and start killing some red shirts though. And really make us feel for em too. Like maybe kill off YKW Sean Bean style in the finally. Accidents happen in SF all the time, just sayin'. The characters are a bit too archetypal but the jokes land solid and thats what counts.It will offend a hard core trekker\/trekkie, so BEWARE. My first thought was that Jean Roddenberry wouldn't approve. It feels like the writers are allowing themselves to pick at the veneer of the ST world. There is a lot of meat there, but I hope they don't stoop too low. If this show is going to survive it needs to raise its brow a bit once in a while.Once it gets past the smarmy, name-dropping, obligatory, fan service, there just might be a show with some mileage here. It *might* get a season 2, we'll see.","rating":"8\/10","date":"29 August 2020"}
{"title":"Hilarious!","review":"A funny, edgy, refreshing cartoon with an amazing aesthetic.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Funny, imaginative and true to Trek","review":"Love this! Mike McMahan has done a great job. So funny and cute. Can't wait for the TNG cameos!!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Its Trek, Watch Episode 2 Before You Make Up Your Mind","review":"This is is my favorite of the new spin-offs, but that it has the weakest premier of any Trek ever. In episode 1 they could have made it more Trek and should have shown it was picking up the torch in a way more substantial than repeating some names right before credits rolled. After that initial episode though, it becomes just a funny episode of a regular Trek Series but they're all funny. It's a tone change a thing TNG did from an often silly poorly funded original series.\nReading these \"User Reviews,\" it is pretty obvious that a lot of emotional \"fans\" of some earlier iterations of the Star Trek franchise watched episode 1 and sputtering, key smashed out their sadness for the death of True Trek\u00a9. True Trek\u00a9 is whatever they imagine it to be, and it is clearly more based on nostalgia and feelings around the earlier shows and not the Vision of Gene Roddenberry or the precedent set by earlier shows in the Star Trek cannon.\nEpisode 1 seems to want to shock and scare off the orthodoxy of nostalgic \"Fans\" who were bound to not like the show regardless of it's content and it worked. I personally didn't really enjoy the premiere, because I think it did a bad job of setting the stage for how typical Trek, albeit from a different perspective, was about to follow for 9 episodes. There are characters on a Federation ship, going around doing Federation business. ST:LD focuses on an area of the Federation never focused on before and focused on part of a ship never focused on before, and the tone is definitely comedic. But let's take the first Star Trek Animated series, that was overtly silly and messed up the rules and timeline of Trek, but it is cannon because it was made by the real writers, who worked with Gene Roddenberry. The writers certainly knew that vision a lot more than the angsty fans at the time who hated the show and wrote angry letters. You know, just like the upset \"Fans\" of our current timeline, in this increasingly Mirror Universe like reality.\nThis series maintains the wholesome altruism of the Orginal and later shows, the main characters do things for one another out of loyalty and admiration. The progressive Star Trek message of positivity and advancing humanity are there in spades. The stations of the ship, its departments, its hardware and software, its aesthetic is there. But jokes are present in this show, with some swearing occasionally and that really has the pearl cluchers up in arms. So, us adults, who the show is expressly skewed for, will keep enjoying the show and buying the official things they sell and getting folks into it and supporting the network making more of the show, because as a fan who probably won't be writing an episode of Star Trek anytime soon nor do I think the professionals who make it are worse than I would be at the job of working for the Franchise and making Trek for me to enjoy. I'm a little sad there are only 10 episodes and not like 23 to really develop each of the characters we're getting to know and unravel.\nSadly though, enough people who don't feel like their voice is heard in general, despite that squeaky voice not having much productive to say, will make sure to, at least try to ruin this new show for as many people as possible so we won't get as much Trek as we could, because their mad! But in however many decades those people will be the real villains, who rather than just enjoying something similar to but not the exact same show they've seen a hundred times,they have to destroy what in a few years after it is cancelled will be \"universally loved\" and \"critically acclaimed\" in hindsight with those formerly angry fans sad their isn't more of the show they came to love.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 August 2020"}
{"title":"A crazy good Star Trek show","review":"I've Been watching Star Trek since I was a little kid. For me, Trek peaked with deep space nine. That show had so many great characters, so many great arcs and was just so deep, fun and emotional.Even though I kind of like discovery, I didn't really enjoy Picard all that much. I feel like Star Trek is in danger of taking it self way too seriously again.Fortunately lower decks is a breath of fresh air. If you're a lifelong fan of Star Trek, you're going to love lower decks. All the characters have a suitable amount of depth to them, and the show is overall a ton of fun to watch.Normally I don't take animated shows all that seriously but lower decks is the exception to the rule. I strongly suggest checking it out, especially if you're a classic Trekkie!","rating":"","date":"19 June 2021"}
{"title":"New review after watching series two","review":"My original review of series 1 followed my my new revision after watching all of series 2 ...(Original score 2 stars)Move along this is not the Star Trek you are looking for.I am a big Sci-fi fan and I like Star Trek a lot but this is kind of hard to watch. It has a completely unlikable main female character and a weak male side kick, with a annoying Captain that is also unlikable no matter how hard you try.I think this is what you get if you ask a Star Trek fan to write something funny but they don't get funny and try to make it funny and it comes across as poor and totally unfunny! I would save your time and watch the Orville better which isnt Star Trek but it does contain proper comedy and is more Star Trek than Lower Decks.It could be so good but I think the writers are trying too hard.I forced myself through the 10 episodes of Series one in the hope that it got better and if I am honest the 10th and final episode did show some promise. Maybe if they do a second series it will be better.The second series is now out..(New score 7 stars)and it appears my predictions were correct, the second series is so much better than the first series. Some of the characters are still on the annoying side but it seems to have been toned down a bit. I am hoping in the third series the totally annoying female lead \"Beckett Mariner\" is made less annoying or cut done screen time a lot! But other than her its actually refreshing to see the second series getting so much better than the first series.I enjoyed every episode in season 2 and the whole thing seems so much better scripted and presented.Fingers crossed series 3 will be even better.","rating":"7\/10","date":"8 February 2021"}
{"title":"These \"reviews\" are WAY off. This show is great.","review":"If you want what real Trekkies\/Trekkers think of this show, visit a dedicated Star Trek forum or the Star Trek subreddit. They seem to know exactly what this show is, and what hole it fills. Is it for everyone? Absolutely not. Is it stupid? Yes. But is it Trek? Undeniably.Don't like it? Don't watch it. Pretty simple. But before you go into this, know that a) it's supposed to be stupid, b) it's supposed to be a self-aware parody and c) it's canon and furthers that canon.","rating":"8\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Deja Vu","review":"Its like Final Space, only from the Star Trek Universe.\nEven the types of Character are similiar...the protagonist ist a useless, but loveable and motivated space cadett, his love interest a tough and unorthodoxly acting woman of color, even a rabiate humanoid cat is in the crew.\nWondered if its from the same creators or company, but its obviously just an adaption of the idea in hope that Final Space is not so well-known yet.Wouldnt it be so \"competitor-inspired\", I would rate 9 stars. But its still a good show and worth watching especially for star trek fans.","rating":"6\/10","date":"28 January 2021"}
{"title":"A lot of fun","review":"First episode was great. Entertaining, funny and the trailer for what's to come made me laugh. The negative reviews are just haters of the new trek movement.","rating":"9\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Okay.","review":"Decent references to past ST. But for a supposedly female-protagnist led show it's clearly written by men. It's the difference between the same old jokes versus the witty, incisive writing of women-powered entertainment like Harley Quinn, Mom, Jones, Eve etc.","rating":"6\/10","date":"28 November 2021"}
{"title":"Really","review":"Not sure what you are trying to achieve here, but this is a disgrace to the Star Trek franchise.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"A fantastic show. Don't believe the basement dwellers who have nothing better to do than review bomb something","review":"I enjoyed the premiere quite a bit. Considering Star Trek's previous attempt at an animated series, this is a huge improvement. It's not everyone's cup of Earl Grey but let's face it, nothing will ever please the 'purists' and many have nothing better to do than complain about anything that is not exactly like old trek.The show successfully captures the Star Trek feel without regurgitating old ideas. A good amount of humor is delivered without being over the top or silly.I can't wait to see how this show will pan out.","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 August 2020"}
{"title":"You Need to Calm Down","review":"Why can't Star Trek fans just have fun? I have never reviewed anything but it seems like people only speak up when they don't like it and that isn't chill. This show is top notch easy watching for the inner trekkie in all of us.Get off your high horses and just enjoy the show, it's funny, it's okay. You're gonna be okay.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 August 2020"}
{"title":"It's funny!","review":"I've never submitted a review for imdb before.. However I felt compelled to offer a counter point to all the toxic weebs posting negative reviews.Lower Decks is funny with a solid premise abf a solid cast of characters... And they achieved that straight off the bat..I'm a lifelong Trekkie and all of the pilots of previous Treki series have been unable to prime me for a series as much as this one has done.I for one can't wait to see more of this show.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Totally fun, I s**t you not! And I am a big Star Trek fan...","review":"This is a really fun show. With a gazillion star trek jokes and recollections, and all from a perspective of lower deck ensigns who make the whole ship work. It is something like those YouTube videos about regular Star Wars stormtroopers and their regular days on the job..","rating":"10\/10","date":"29 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek + Animated Comedy","review":"Mixing Star Trek with a animated comedy was not a good Idea. I barely find it funny. I have been a fan of the Star Trek franchise for a long time, and this is one of the worst things I have seen Star Trek do.I gave it 3 episodes to change my mind, but all it did was prove me right. I don't like any of the characters, and I find it barely funny as a comedy. I watched the first three episodes but, that is it for me. I do not plan on watching any other episodes.I did like the animation. That might be the only thing I liked about this series.","rating":"","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"Funny show","review":"If you like Final Space or Rick and Morty you will probably like this one either. If you are purist of Star Trek and want some serious stuff, just avoid this show, go back to your dark corner and cry :}","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 September 2020"}
{"title":"Funnier then I expected","review":"I am not the biggest fan of animated shows. I have a very small window. Pretty much just Archer and I will occasionally watch The Simpsons even though I think it's long past it's prime. Star Trek: Lower Decks is funnier then I expected with referential and self depreciation humor both of which I appreciate. It also has a lot of dirty humor which might not be to everyone's taste but I find funny. The biggest issue I have is the issue I have with The Simpsons. I am not sure how long it can go on before you begin to wonder why the four main characters aren't getting promoted. Being an animated show it can theoretically go on for decades and have the four main characters remain lower deck Ensigns forever. That would get old after awhile. But until that point this show is actually quite humorous because it doesn't take itself seriously but it still honors the heart and soul of what always made Star Trek so special.","rating":"8\/10","date":"2 October 2021"}
{"title":"Cringe worthy","review":"Its not a good series. Its very \"2020\" if you catch my drift and should be missed rather than watched.","rating":"3\/10","date":"6 March 2021"}
{"title":"A love letter to Star Trek","review":"Infinitely fun and enjoyable. Clearly written by true Trekkies. The callbacks in every episode are fantastic. Fun characters. The first \"real\" Star Trek since \"Enterprise\".","rating":"9\/10","date":"16 September 2021"}
{"title":"The more i watch it the more i like lower decks","review":"It is fun and entertaining and definitely better than the Orville. In a way it feels like a rick and morty adult comedy in the star trek universe. I love when they bring back characters from TNG and voyager.","rating":"10\/10","date":"27 January 2022"}
{"title":"Love letter to trekkies","review":"There is so much to love about this series. People that don't like it, IMHO, are either not fans of animated series in general or they haven't watched all the previous Trek series. There are so many references to TOS, TNG, DS9, VOY, etc. That if you didn't watch those series then there is SO much that you won't pick up on.The beauty of Lower Decks is that it is funny, but it's also heartwarming. I find myself smiling just because they reference Gary Mitchell, or Troi's jumpsuits, the salt vampires, or the Landru the evil computer.Yes they talk fast but that's another benefit of an animated series. The animation can keep up with the fast pace, which means that SO much action is able to happen in a half hour show!Anyway, not every Trek series will appeaL to everyone. I personally didn't like DS9, but I watched it and I'm glad I did so that I could giggle at the Cerritos flying around admiring the pylons to waste time, LOL.","rating":"10\/10","date":"27 August 2023"}
{"title":"Funny","review":"I thought it was funny. It kind of reminded me of Futurama when it first started.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Definitely not for everyone but an excellent show for Trek Fans in there 20s and 30s","review":"Let me start of by saying I love this show! With that being said, I understand why people don't like it because it appeals to such a niche audience. I'm in my late 20s and grew up watching reruns of TNG and DS9 and I also happen to love this type of style and cartoon animation. The humor is really hilarious if you remember a lot of the wackier episodes of Trek as there's callbacks nearly every episode to some race or event that happened. This show isn't going to appeal to any older trek fans (for the humor and animation) or people not into Star Trek making fun of itself every episode, or really even some people that have never been into ST as a lot of the humor is very reliant on knowledge of the pasts shows episodes but for the small group of us that's left, it's an excellent show with witty humor and hilarious callbacks and great fun group of characters to watch in a universe we love!","rating":"9\/10","date":"9 February 2023"}
{"title":"A very well executed comedic take on Trek","review":"As long as you go into this show with open eyes and clear expectations, it's an absolute blast. It is *not* Star Trek in the traditional sense of the (meant to be taken seriously) live action shows. Instead, it is a competent take on Trek comedy that pays homage to each of the live action shows and movies while deftly reimagining and navigating the complex Trek lore in a comedic way. It's not afraid to make fun of some of the sillier aspects of Trek, but more importantly it's not afraid to make fun of *itself* as well as the new more modern live action Trek shows (like Discovery and Picard). This show walks the line very well, and the writers are clearly very knowledgeable Trek fans that have an obvious love for the franchise. I honestly don't think this could have been done any better.","rating":"9\/10","date":"29 October 2021"}
{"title":"Garbage. Unfunny. Don't watch.","review":"I could feel my brain cells dying while watching this show. It feels like the creators watched Rick and Morty, and decided to make their own version without understanding what made that show even remotely good.The animation is bottom-tier, the writing is obnoxious and shallow, the voice actors grate on my nerves and nearly every character is unbearably annoying. The worst is definitely Ensign Becket Mariner, her brand of selfish, self-absorbed, arrogant, over-the-top idiocy is basically ear poison for me. By contrast, the only likeable character overall was D'Vana Tendi, whose newcomer excitedness and enthusiasm for her new job was endearing and quite sweet.The first scene is an exercise in \"how unlikeable and annoying can we make our central characters?\"This feels like one of those terrible College Humour animated shorts, the ones which run on for too long and absolutely murder comedy with every second they're on screen. Except this is worse, because it's officially licensed content by the real company. If this show was just some random YouTube video made in somebody's basement and put up for free, I'd give it a pass.This show should not have the official Trek stamp put on it. It should really be more like The Orville, or Red Dwarf, or Galaxy Quest -- joke shows (or, film in the latter case) utilising elements of Trek but being their own thing.As it is, at best it's a mediocre animated parody, at worse it's despicable and repellant with some truly terrible jokes.","rating":"1\/10","date":"3 December 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek, but not as we know it....","review":"This was just so much fun and so enjoyable - yes I know the humourless so-called hardcore fans dislike it but if you have any sense of humour AND are a TRUE Star Trek fan I guarantee you will love this. There are numerous little asides and references to the rest of the Trek Universe (especially the \"The Enterprise seems to run into a new adventure every week!\" - loved that one) but this is Star Fleet seen through a different lens. The \"lower decks\" have to exist on all Star Fleet ships and this is their view of the world.Wonderful, wonderful. started with one episode and just binged the whole series. Desperately awaiting series 2.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"This show deserves a higher rating!","review":"After the first episode or two, Lower Decks really hits its stride ... which is impressive since other Treks have typically taken a season or two! Hopefully this one sticks around for a long time.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 October 2020"}
{"title":"Very enjoyable take on the Star Trek universe highlighting some of the more unseen aspects of life in space in a humorous way.","review":"First of all let me say that I am a lifelong Trek fan aged 38. I decided to watch this series without knowing what to expect because I liked the premise. All these years we've seen the heroic endeavors of people who have been where no man has gone before, but we all know when you built a star empire the vast majority of people will be the \"grunts\", not the heroic figures. Of course who wants to see the menial tasks performed in the form of a tv show, that doesn't sound so exciting right? This is where humor comes along to make things more interesting and exciting. I personally found this approach very appealing and liked the fact that I had a chance to watch the lower ranked \"grunts\" who's work is absolutely necessary to run pretty much anything in an imaginary world, but our very own reality too.Now are there cliches and a whole bunch of easter eggs, innuendos, irony, cultural and other trek references? Of course there are and it is the same for every comedy series or movie, that is the actual point of comedy I think. I have no idea why people take things so seriously and why do they expect to find absolute realism on a series like that. Also it seems to me that people are stuck in an idealized version of the past and that kinda goes for pretty much anything in life it seems, not just tv programs. I get it, I miss the next generation too and I will admit I don't much like discovery that much for example, but this was a thing of the past we might never see again. It is time to build something new, it won't always be good but in the end the world changes whether we like it or not and we just have to find our way into our new reality.","rating":"9\/10","date":"9 October 2020"}
{"title":"Warning: This is a non-knee-jerk reaction review that considers the show's themes, characters and likely future growth.","review":"Lower Decks (LD) introduces the concept of Second Contact, what comes after all the high level diplomacy is done. Laying down the practical, physical groundwork and infrastructure meant to integrate new Federation members. After the politicians come the mechanics and plumbers to \"lay down the pipes\" so to speak. It's an interesting aspect of Federation activity past shows haven't touched on much and I'd love to see it explored further in an adult show.Trek Themes so far (2 eps in)Meeting new people and engaging with them constructively (whenever possible) and dealing with any complications along the way is one of the pillars of Star Trek and is the opening scene for LD.The Federation encompasses not only all of humanity but many non-human races as well and this diversity is put on display including its messy side. The Bajoran chief of security is a nice touch as well as the Caitian (best known from ST: The Animated Series) doctor.Ensign Rutherford's search for a career change where he is intensely tested but also supported whether he succeeds or not and decides to move on shows the uplifting but also meritocratic nature of Federation society. Barriers to self improvement, if any, are minimal.It's nice to get some focus on bottom rank crew members, not that ST has never done this, but it's good to have a show dedicated to the idea even if it's meant for a young audience. I'd also love a show that focuses on Federation civilian life (as opposed to Starfleet). Check out Aurora Trek's animated fan movies on YouTube if the idea intrigues you.CharactersMariner: Mariner's extroverted and experienced but has problems with responsibility and drinking. Her disdain for authority and senior officers is probably based on conflict with her parents (admiral and captain) who try to pass her off on each other to avoid dealing with her. There's some history and family drama here to unpack. Mariner is capable and means well but also creates almost as many problems as she solves.Boimler: Quintessential Starfleet rookie. Enthusiastic, educated and sober but lacking real world experience. I'm sure it will come to him, there's lots of room for growth here. In fact I think he's learned a lot in just the first two eps. Trials by fire sometimes work best.Tendi & Rutherford: Introverted nerds who know you can *be* with someone while still doing your own thing or enjoy someone's company almost purely by virtue of just their presence. These two don't seem to suffer from any major issues (as far) beyond some degree of social awkwardness but just seeing them interact with the world, and especially each other, is fun, more so if you share some of their personality traits.Overall LD is a 25min show for teens and as such it comes with a lot of silliness whereas Star Trek is known for being fairly cerebral and slow(ish) paced. As a new show it's still finding its footing and growing its characters into their future more realized selves but I think there's room for a kids' show that combines Star Trek themes and this kind of humor, especially if it helps bring new young people to the setting.","rating":"8\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"A New Perspective on the Star Trek Universe","review":"This gives a great perspective from the point of view of characters who don't work on the bridge. I also Love the whole \"second contact\" premise and how it highlights all the work that comes after first contact to maintain relationships with alien civilization.I am surprised by all the bad reviews but people will complain about anything. The people who complain about lower decks are probably the same ones who complained about Discovery at first, and are now complain that it's taking so long for the third season. I have a feeling this will grow on most people who give it a one star :)","rating":"8\/10","date":"21 August 2020"}
{"title":"Enjoyable","review":"It's definitely not like any other Star Trek, and maybe that's a good thing. I'm excited to see this shows potential.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"Wow....?","review":"Wow, just wow! The Star Trek franchise appears to have been taken over by a set of wanton vandals. This is grotesque in every conceivable way. The humour is witless, the characterisation is mindless, the story is so moronic I would expect it to have been written by a 12 to 15 year old child. A catastrophe this profound can only have been orchestrated; from STD to Puke-hard we arrive at the lowest dregs. The feel, sprint, uniqueness and vision of Star Trek had been sucked into the vacuum of space. The choreographed destruction is so complete that the only interesting thing left to do is to ask, \"why\"? But, I have lost all interest. This is abysmal and, worse still, I do not even care.","rating":"1\/10","date":"11 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek is evolving, get over it!!","review":"Star trek is evolving, get over it.\nThe so called fandom slating everything new are probably the same people who slated TNG in the early days. Get over yourselves and move with the times.\nThe fact this rating is so low is a travesty.\nThe series is funny, filled with Easter eggs and nods to the series but not too trekie to scare off a new generation of star trek fans.\nIgnore the haters and watch for yourself.","rating":"8\/10","date":"26 August 2020"}
{"title":"often hilarious","review":"Lower Decks has an interesting premise, putting the crew drudges front and center. It mainly follows the talented but insubordinate Beckett and the rule-driven, eager-to-please Bradward as they encounter comedic versions of the the usual sci-fi challenges.This is a very funny show with likable characters, and I was really shocked to see how many people hate it. I found some of the negative reviews perplexing. A few people complained about the series being \"woke,\" but all of Star Trek is \"woke\" so huh? Like every other Star Trek series it's humanistic and pro-being-decent, but no more than any of the others.I've also seen people compare it negatively with The Orville, which I watched the first two abysmal episodes of, so I don't get that either.Also several comparisons with Futurama. I'm not sure I agree with that comparison particularly, but I don't *disagree* with it, and yeah, if you're going to compare the two Futurama is funnier and cleverer. But that's a high bar.Anyway, check it out. And if you don't like it, well then, I guess you should check out The Orville?","rating":"8\/10","date":"11 November 2020"}
{"title":"Better than I expected","review":"I am a longtime avid Star Trek fan and I absolutely loved it.It's lighthearted, funny and well made overall, I really, truly do not get why all these sad individuals are review bombing this series after orceven before having seen 1(!!!) Episode.Come on guys, relax, have a drink and watch this, you will not be disappointed.","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 August 2020"}
{"title":"These reviewers are garbage","review":"This show is great. I love all trek. Even more so then these trekkies who complain about everything because it isn't \"their way\". to hell with them. They don't matter","rating":"9\/10","date":"13 August 2020"}
{"title":"Must watch","review":"For any animation lover this show will be really enjoyable. Funny references, great characters and epic adventures. Enjoyable regardless of weather you know Star Trek or not.","rating":"9\/10","date":"1 February 2021"}
{"title":"The Best of Modern Trek","review":"Lower Decks is exactly what Star Trek needed. Just post TNG, with a lot of references and jokes, and interactions would would expect with young officers.","rating":"10\/10","date":"16 October 2020"}
{"title":"Didnt think it could get worse after discovery","review":"Star trek died for me when starships got powered with tardigrades. This only confirms it's dead. It isn't even close to what star trek once representedFor me, Star Trek actually came to life a bit when they made Picard, i guess, quality acting and picard are still alive and i thank him and the cast of those days for their years of hard work. Now everytime i open prime amazon slaps me this futurama nonsense in my face. Believe me i wish i could convey my anger but i guess then this review would get filtered out. I wish 'The New Generation' would filter out this insult. \u00f0\u0178\u017d\u00b6Its been the worst day since yesterday \u00f0\u0178\u017d\u00b5","rating":"1\/10","date":"20 March 2021"}
{"title":"Best Trek in 19 years!","review":"Grew up on TNG, DS9, and Voyager... Lower Decks takes us back to the golden era of trek and delivers on the action and laughs. Great job on this epic show and can't wait for season 2!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"Better than expected. Worth your time","review":"Ignore the haters. With any Trek show, there will be a band of roving \"purists\" who crap on anything that isnt 1990 TNG. If you are a normal trek fan, or even a big one, this show is what you need. Typical review bombing of a toxic fanbase.Overall quite the show is really good. The jokes are funny enough (nothing ground breaking), the voice acting truly superb, and the plot interesting and varied. Lots of nods to other series, which helps situate the series. A bit of a fan service there but its not that bad. Its a nice goofy vibe but also handles some nice life lessons that old school TNG used to in its day.As a long term trek fan, the show is exactly what i want. To those who arent trek fans (yet) the show is easily digestible. Truly its more approachable than really any other trek show (except maybe Picard).In general, give it a go! Way above average for a adult cartoon, and at least as good as half the non-cartoon trek products. And remember, there are reasons that Trek was abandoned for so long, toxic viewership. You want Trek? Enjoy trek","rating":"8\/10","date":"20 October 2020"}
{"title":"Star trek. Tos, tas, tng, ds9, voyager enterprise and now, lower decks.","review":"Yes, finally for those of us that watched tos, tas, tng, ds9, voyager and enterprise. Lower decks makes many references to these shows. The continuity with the previous shows is extremely satisfying.\nThe star trek movies from generations onwards severely suffered from a lack of consistency with the series. Discovery and Picard are unrecognisable to me as star trek. It's been a long road, get'n from there, enterprise ending in 2005, to here, some new star trek in 2020. Well done Lower Decks and thank you :)","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 October 2020"}
{"title":"The gag rate is impressively high!","review":"The show stays true to Star Trek and is insanely funny. It's even funnier when they manage to sneak in easter eggs with the jokes like the jokes about the Holodecks, O'Brien, etc. The show doesn't focus on a season-long story arc but instead each episode is self-contained with the season-long story-arcs being the sub-plots (mostly character development plots). Only half-way through the season I expect this to keep getting better.","rating":"9\/10","date":"15 September 2020"}
{"title":"A Sweet New Perspective","review":"True I am a bit biased towards cartoon adaptations, but I have to say this was excellently done so far! The first episode is promising, and it offers a funny new setting! It's accurate to the Star Trek universe in every way I can think possible, and it's absolutely hilarious. Needless to say I'll be following this series closely, because, why not? Heck, Star Trek Discovery and Picard was more than enough to get me to join CBS All Access, this is just icing on the cake!","rating":"9\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"Hilarious and Crafty","review":"I guess some people just don't have a sense of humor; I don't understand some of the negative reviews. This show is creating and hilarious. It has hear punctuality and subtlety inserts so many elements only a true Star Trek fan would get. I love it and can't wait for more!!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"19 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek at It's Best","review":"R-rated, funny, realistic, quick, adulterated but watchable by children 8+, good science, good action, mild sex appeal, interesting, and explorative, without ever boring you or beating you over the head with ethics.Star Trek at its finest.","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 January 2022"}
{"title":"Exceeding Expectations","review":"This is Star Trek through and through. Writers know their stuff and hugely entertaining! Best part: characters are interesting and they just steal your hearts. Fav character: Boimler! He's so perfectly imperfect and therefore loveable. Excellent show and absolutely 10 out of 10 for all the laugh out loud moments, thankyou! Well done Mike McMahan and team.","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 September 2020"}
{"title":"The Final Front Rear ?","review":"If there's one thing I'm beginning to realise is how hardcore fans of cult shows can be picky.\nThese have ruined creativity by putting script writer under unnecessary pressure.\nSTLD boldly goes where others haven't. It's fun so far a sure bet in the franchise. Ok they don't need to use vulgar language at times, but hey it's just a show!\nWe hated STNG in the beginning, remember ?","rating":"8\/10","date":"19 August 2020"}
{"title":"Best trek show since TNG","review":"This show is everything the other new live action shows should be or wish they were. It's hilarious in its own right, smart and classic trek with tons of great Easter eggs for true fans. Its true to the reasons I fell in love with trek while still being super fun.","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 April 2022"}
{"title":"Improving by each episode, also getting funnier !","review":"At least people who are making Lower Decks knows lot about Star Trek ! Visually it looks fantastic and TNG era curate also theme music feels Star Treky ! However jokes aren't that funny and stories yet are no so great but its getting better especially season 2 (except for S02E01 which was worst Lower Decks episode ever !) Lower Deck is Star Trek reference goldmine but it can be very frustrating for those who haven't watched previous Star Trek shows like TNG, DS9, VOY, TOS, TAS etc ! Visually it looks good - all ships, races, planets, items, objects are TNG era accurate ! My main complain is that if Mariner Becket is on screen too much than its getting very very annoying, episodes with less Mariner is better ones !My ranking for Star Trek TV shows !1) The Next Generation\n2) Deep Space 9\n3) The Original Series & Star Trek: Continues (FAN production)\n4) The Animated Series\n5) Voyager (Overall a miss but had many stand out episodes !)\n6) Lower Decks (S01E01& S02E02 were worst episodes !)\n7) Enterprise\n---------------------------------------\n8) STD\n9) ST Picard.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 September 2021"}
{"title":"Hilarious but also true to canon","review":"If you love Star Trek you're likely to enjoy this cartoon series which is off the wall and over the top but in ways that made me smile and laugh repeatedly.","rating":"9\/10","date":"18 December 2020"}
{"title":"\"It's dead, Jim!\"","review":"A catastrophe that nobody asked for. Bad humor. Terrible animation. The episode of TNG that dealt with the lower deck ensigns is so much better than this crap. Another travesty from CBS Star Trek. I wish the Borg would assimilate the Federation and make all this horrible Star Trek just go away.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Pretty damn funny","review":"Not a bad start to the series, thought it was funny with a good cast","rating":"9\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Hilarious seeing all these overly harsh comparisons...","review":"The Orville, Futurama, Rick and Morty, Super Store...I think more appropriate comparisons might be Archer or 'Deep Space 69'First off - the show does deserve some criticism. The writers need a lesson in the hero's journey. s01e01 is essentially a mid-season filler episode. A show's pilot should be more than that - a showcase of characters and their *interesting* flaws. If you're looking for social commentary or anything of substance really...this isn't for you.That being said - I'm a simple man. Give me restrained zombie crew members spewing black blood in the rookie's face while other crew members disrobe to make decoys of themselves and I'm sold. I will continue watching this one and I suspect that I will enjoy it more and more as time goes on.\n\"That's my heart! It hurts when you pump it!\"\n\"How much did I EAT?!\"\n7\/10","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"A different perspective.","review":"It's obviously animated and is different from Star Trek TOS and NG. The first episode was funny and I'm interested in seeing what direction the show takes. I like the fact that it's a comedic view of Star Trek, and I hope that everyone gives it a chance.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"Really funny (but apparently awful if you're a huge tekkie)","review":"This shiw is hilarious. It should he called Star Trek: Rick and Morty. Nit quite as funny but much cleaner. I like it.","rating":"8\/10","date":"28 August 2020"}
{"title":"Long time Trekkie","review":"It's so irreverent and fun with many references to silly trek motifs and devices. I wondered if it could draw in new audience members like my wife and daughter. While my wife will always remain sceptical of sci-fi, my daughter has fallen in love with Mariner. Quoting her, emulating her. It is her gateway to other Trek too and I'm so excited. Thank you CBS All Access and creators of Lower Decks.","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 September 2020"}
{"title":"I Enjoy This Show. Maybe You Could Too.","review":"I like Star Trek. I've seen pretty much every episode of every series. I like some better than others. I like this show, too. I laugh at some of the jokes it tells. I feel happy when I watch it. My wife also likes it. I think we will probably continue watching it. We are grown-ups. If you, the reader, are also a grown-up then maybe you will like watching it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 September 2020"}
{"title":"NOT FUNNY.","review":"It is not funny at all. Not a single laugh. The 'Woke agenda' always seems to be the center of this New Trek sh**. Dont waste your time.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"What's with the haters?","review":"OK, this is something I was not expecting, but it is good. People seem to be just fine with The Orville, which is a direct rip-off, and very slow moving. Lower Decks is fine. Dialogue moves a bit too fast for me, but they seem to be crunching in the max in the time allotted. I am also a little tired of all these female leads, but thi shw could be practically androgynous.","rating":"8\/10","date":"13 August 2020"}
{"title":"One of the best ST series yet...","review":"I did not like the idea of this. It was going to be terrible. I finally watched the first episode and was not impressed. I left the series for weeks. I came back to suffer through episode 2 and I loved it. Went right into 3,4 and 5. I would have finished the rest the next night but only had time for 6, 7, 8 and then finished 9 and 10 the next night. This is a series that gets better each episode. Why?IT IS STARFLEET. Yes the main character is in your face and hard to take at times. But they often personify what it means to be in Starfleet. So often these characters are more Starfleet than any we've meet in other series.IN JOKES. For fans it is easy to look at the in-jokes and references to other series. And there are references to almost all the other series - sometimes subtle such as a reference to a TOS episode and when you see the reference on a hand-held screen - the image of Kirk and Spock is from TAS.ALIENS. The show in 10 episodes has brought back many different species that we know from previous series. Many on the ship but also in other situations. Even the Exocomms come back as a full species.SERIOUS. The show sometimes takes a serious angle that you don't suspect. On one brand new starship, the captain is joking not to get it dirty. Keeping the plastic sheets over the interfaces and not walking with dirty shoes. Yet 20 seconds later the ship is destroyed with all life aboard. Later in that same episode we see a character we've known from all other episodes sacrifice his life to help the ship. And this is a comedy?I'm a fan of all the series including DIS and less so PIC. I've seen all episodes of all series including TAS. My favourite series is DSN. Yet when I finished the ten episodes of LOWER DECKS, I had watched some of the best Star Trek since TOS and TNG.","rating":"9\/10","date":"15 February 2021"}
{"title":"This did what Discovery and Picard failed to do: entertain me.","review":"Star Trek departed from Gene's vision long ago. Every series since TNG has tried to straddle the line between that vision and modern themes. Lower Decks stops pretending. It tackles the problems of Gene's vision head on and doesn't give the audience any excuses.","rating":"9\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"More Star Trek than any other new Star Trek series","review":"Everyone who gives this series 1-2 stars, has not understood the core of Star Trek. This series is more Star Trek than any of the new movies or series that were released over the past years.Yes, Star Trek Lower Decks is fun and often makes fun of Star Trek, but not in a disgraceful way but in a charming way. It is no Star Trek parody. It is a tribute to Star Trek. The show depicts everything that made Star Trek what it is: Exploring the space, meeting new species, first contacting new civilisations, curiosity, science and technology and the unswerving belief that there is a better tomorrow out there waiting to be discovered. It is about hope, confidence, dedication, friendship, loyalty...I grew up watching TNG as a kid and for me this is still the very center of Star Trek. Unlike new movies and series of this franchise, that are all dark, grim, desperate, desolate and present dystopic futures, TNG was about exploring and always trying to make the galaxy a better place. Star Trek Lower Decks builds on this premise. It is a series about a crew on a ship that might not be the most important one of Starfleet but which is tied together by friendship, loyalty and their will to explore.Star Trek Lower Decks is a mix of TNG, Futurama and The Orville. In fact, Star Trek Lower Decks is the better Orville. It is way more fun by still staying true to its legacy without desecrating it. It is a good take on this franchise with a new angle: Finally we see the average Joes on a ship that keep it up and running. It is not all about Captains and Commanders but about a ship that needs everyone to boldly go where no man has gone before.","rating":"9\/10","date":"3 April 2023"}
{"title":"I love it!","review":"All the enthusiasm, optimism and futurism of Star Trek without the dower gravitas of the other shows.As an avid Star Trek fan who's seen every single series and movie out there, I'm very excited to see the franchise diversify a little and expand the universe beyond the rigid \"flagship bridge crew does unprecedented stuff\" routine that practically every single entry has been so far.All these miserable reviews! Lighten up, guys.","rating":"10\/10","date":"19 September 2020"}
{"title":"Brilliant!","review":"Smart, clever, funny and a great way to experience past story lines and the questions you always wanted answering afterwards as well as pointing out some of the absurdity. Don't listen to the haters. I went into this with an open mind and no expectations which improved my experience. I care about the characters and what happens to them which is always a good indicator of great writing and the depth of the characters. Well done. Keep them coming. Thanks for all your efforts.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 September 2021"}
{"title":"Star Trek or not... This sucks","review":"Whether this is Star trek or some other space thing this is one of the worst pieces of entertainment I've ever seen.This is the kind of garbage you stick your kids in front of when you're hungover on a Saturday morning.","rating":"1\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"Absolutely LOVE it","review":"Star Trek, normally, is considered a drama. I have been a fan all my life and this show gives the respite that is needed.","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 September 2021"}
{"title":"The show mocks Trekkies","review":"Which is why I believe die hard Trekkies take serious offense to the show. Ensign Boimler embodies Trek purists, those who could quote a show word for word, or insist on speaking in Klingon. As William Shatner once said, \"It's just a show!\" Then you have Ensign Mariner, she embodies the lighthearted take on Star Trek.This iteration of Star Trek is very self aware and takes every opportunity at skewering all Trek tropes. While I wouldn't consider myself a Trekkie, I do enjoy Star Trek and have seen enough of it that nothing goes over my head. It's a comedy in the vein of Family Guy, American Dad, Rick and Morty, and Futurama. But the creators still give Trekkies familiar and well-loved callbacks. The DS9 episode was cute and nostalgic for me. I look forward to more Star Trek hijinks!We are in a Star Trek era where there's something for every fan of all things Star Trek. TOS was about the novelty. TNG was idealist. DS9 was soap operaish. Voyager is an outlier for me. Star Trek: TAS was an attempted revival. While Prodigy seems to be the most inclusive, IMO. When I say inclusive, I'm not going on the variety of characters, I'm going on the characters being more easily relatable. Prodigy is a \"coming of age\" series that's less about the lore and more about trials and tribulations.I've not watched Picard or Strange New Worlds but plenty of reviews seem to highlight more serious and darker tones, but given there's a SNW crossover episode, with LD characters, I may have to give SNW a try. Props to the creators for giving me a reason to watch a series that I may not have watched otherwise, very sneaky you guys!For me, the serial aspect of the show keeps me watching; much like the movies Star Trek II to Star Trek IV feel like 1 cohesive movie. You don't always need a villain or monster of the week to keep a viewer invested in the material. Lower Decks is pinnacle binge worthiness.The haters that have given so many negative reviews, seem to forget 1 very important fact about Star Trek. TOS lasted 3 seasons, the show became a cult hit after it went in to syndication. The first Star Trek movie came on the heels of Star Wars IV: A New Hope. I believe the Star Trek fans owe a lot to George Lucas and Star Wars. SW IV was the inspiration for bringing TOS to the big screen. So TOS wasn't originally a bona-fide hit, so much so that it only lasted 3 seasons.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 December 2022"}
{"title":"Jakob Solheim's Star Trek lower decks TV show review","review":"To the writers and producers of Star Trek lower decksI've seen all of Star Trek lower decks and so far it's very well done. I like how the show is set in the 24th century just like Star Trek the next generation, deep space nine and voyager are. I also like how it continues the main star trek story where Star Trek nemesis left off. My most favorite episodes are crisis point part one and two, no small parts and here all trust nothing. I also like how some of the season premiers and season finale's got me interested by being able to see other federation starships like the USS titan, the USS Archimedes and the space station deep space nine sense after watching Star Trek DS nine. I can't wait to see further elements of the 24th century post Star Trek the next generation, deep space nine in Voyager.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 April 2023"}
{"title":"Better than most of the new live action","review":"Took a couple of episodes to understand what was going on, in fact, watch 1st episode and didn't continue until a few months later. After first couple of episodesI found it fun, super goofy, and much better than some of the life action Star Treks available.Check out the other one, S. T. Prodigy. Feel the same about that series as well. It is more serious, a bit complicated, confusing first couple of episodes but settles into a regular Star Trek episode, exploring new worlds but with goofy teens. This one is more charming and serious, Lower Deck is more slapstick.","rating":"8\/10","date":"4 April 2022"}
{"title":"great fun kid friendly trek","review":"Totally hilarious canon friendly trek that appeals to a you ger audience and is totally cool Trek at the same time - poking fun at itself while being super entertaining.","rating":"8\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Loved It","review":"A nice and funny addition to the Star Trek Family. Full of references for the Star Trek fan.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"\"Star Trek\" for dummies","review":"This show is AWFUL. It's totally stupid and insipid. Has nothing to do with Star Trek. The animation is cute but if I want animation I'd rather watch the series from 1973-1974 from Filmation. This show might be worth seeing if you're under the influence of alcohol or other mind-altering substances. Otherwise...hard pass.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Rick & Morty meets StarTrek","review":"I have never written a review for a show or movie on this site before, but I felt compelled to after reading all of the negative reviews.First of all, I do not beleive this show was targeted to those original Trekkies (Boomers and Gen Xs). They would probably find this show as blasphemous as a Grandma would find some young person rapping about the Bible.It seems the series was made for the millennials generation. A group who had some familiar with Star Trek the Next Generation, but who really first experience with Star Trek was Voyager. This is the audience that likes the new Star Trek Discovery and the Kelvin timeline Star Trek movies (2009-present).This show literally have the Rick and Morty feel to it. It have the adult-theme animated humor, with a Star Trek twist.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Love it!","review":"With s3 finished, I rewatched them all and am currently watching them all again.It has gone from strength to strength with the humour progressively toned down and the stories became slightly more serious but the main thrust of the series remains as interesting as always. The episode where Lower Decks of various races are contrasted and compared is a particular highlight.This is a relief from the dystopian grind of recent ST series and has more in common with some of the more light-hearted episodes of TOS and TNG.Give it a whirl with an open mind and enjoy a ST series where the characters don't have the fate of the known universe resting on their shoulders constantly.","rating":"8\/10","date":"23 April 2023"}
{"title":"It's about time.","review":"This show is quick, funny and takes a much needed lighter view of the often moribund Star Trek series.","rating":"9\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Edge lords go oomax yourselves, this is an excellent look at the sillier side of utopia","review":"I've been overusing edge lord recently, but damn if these reviews dont embody that toxic nerd archetype.\nOn the Solo-rogue one scale of new-entries-in-a-legendary-franchise, Lower Decks clearly falls on the rogue one side: it takes the beloved style, universe, rules, and tropes of the franchise and gives us new characters doing recognizable yet new things. It also captures the DS9 (quark, holodeck, dax, etc) irreverence which Orville teased us with and still keeps a deeper respect for the underlying awesome of Trek (decent but imperfect folk in a good world trying to do good the way they know how).\nThey have danced close to overplaying the lower decks\/senior officer rivalry but nothing decent doesn't push the edge.Bottom line: lower decks earnestly yet irreverently shows the sillier side of utopia. After all the darker, heavily serialized, dys-utopias of modern trek, LD gives us hope and laughs in episodic form.If the edge lords can't embrace that, today might be a good day to die.... (if you aren't enough of a trekkie to get that reference, I'm sorry.... For you).P. S. Dear edge Lords, I'm a bigger trekkie and star wars fan than you. I'd never throw down like that IRL, but if you wanna, I'd win. Get TF over yourselves and enjoy (or step away from) an earnest take on Trek.","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 September 2020"}
{"title":"It's a good time!","review":"Pokes fun at Star Trek tropes in a way that shows a real love for the series. The characters are great and the jokes are solid and it's so fun to have a taste of Trek lore outside of the senior staff of the flagship. Loving it so far.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 September 2020"}
{"title":"I love this so much!!!!!","review":"This is not a cartoon for kids and my love for it was instantaneous. I binged seasons 1 and 2 and will be keeping my Paramount+ subscription going so that I don't miss season 3. I love the colors and how things are drawn. I love the stories and humor. This had me smiling and laughing out loud so often while I watched it. Episode 2x08, I, Excretus, was one of the funniest things ever and I do not care what that says about my sense of humor. And the way I giggled at the absolute NOTHING that the Borg do on their lower decks through the end credits of 2x09, Wej Duj, is a credit to all the perfect little details they put into this series. I will be rewatching this and already know a few episodes that will become a go to for me when I need a laugh or pick me up. I have already watched that Fail Me scene from 2x08 until my face hurt, I was crying and I could not BREATHE from all the laughing.","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 August 2022"}
{"title":"Not entirely terrible - Season 1 (1st 10 episodes)","review":"After 2-3 episodes I gave this a 3\/10. It is slightly less terrible when you watch all 10 episodes of season 1. So it does get a bit better when you continue watching.Animation STYLE: terrible. But not off. Writers do seem to have watched a lot of (at least) TNG. Enough fan-service.Unfortunately, this is the closest to original Trek we've gotten under the alternate CBS licence.","rating":"5\/10","date":"26 October 2020"}
{"title":"The Star Trek I've been waiting for","review":"Hilarious, witty, silly, entertaining, NEW Star Trek that gives great call backs to all OLD trek. I simply don't understand people who don't enjoy this great show.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 September 2020"}
{"title":"Missleading low Rating, its a blast","review":"This show really is a blast.\nAfter the disappointing Discovery and also Picard shows, this one is just a fun watch from start to end.\nYou can also clearly see in the ratings thats its a really good show as bad shows tend to have alot of 2 3 star reviews but this has basicly 70% of the people giving it 7-10 stars and then a few haters giving it 1 star which just make the overall rating look lower.\nSome people just hate Animations, some people are just mad about everything new but if you want a fun watch and star trek without some deep dark gloom but just having fun with watching star trek again, this is the show for you!","rating":"9\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"Very fun to watch cartoon for adults","review":"This series won't be for the die hardcore trekkies because it makes fun of some of the basic principles of Star Trek. But as a casual Star Trek fan and a fan of series like this, its very fun to watch. It's funny, has good character building and is overall very entertaining with a wink to the Star Trek lore.Would recommend 9\/10","rating":"9\/10","date":"26 January 2021"}
{"title":"LOVE IT!!!","review":"A lighter look at the Star Trek world. I am pretty sure every episode has made me laugh (in a good way), some pretty hard. Not sure why all the negative reviews, it's a good show...right up my alley. Keep em coming. ;)","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 October 2020"}
{"title":"Best comedy and plot I've seen in a while","review":"I love it! I was reluctant as I don't really like startship movies or tv shows and sort of Isaac Asimov vibe. Pleasantly surprised that it is so well made, not heavily influenced by star trek and incredible comedy. Loving every episode!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 November 2021"}
{"title":"One of the better new canon shows","review":"The first 3 episodes are a bit rocky but after that it really picks up and has some nice social commentary in the last episode. I like this show much better than discovery and I'm looking forward to more.","rating":"8\/10","date":"25 January 2021"}
{"title":"Looks like I picked the wrong day to give up Ritalin...","review":"I knew going into this that it was a comedy show, primarily aimed at teens but I had hoped that there might be some intelligence in that humour. Something that could appeal to me as an older viewer. But no. Peurile humour and characters acting like hyper-active children are the order of the day.My tagline suggests the show is fast-paced but man, I had no idea how insane it would be. I guess they wanted to pack a lot into 25 mins and it shows. There's no time to breathe, no time to appreciate the \"jokes\". It's just one assault on the senses after another.In fact, I think my tagline didn't go far enough. It's not just me that needed Ritalin to keep up with this, I suspect my TV needed a good dose as well!It's just not very good. The jokes are childish. The characters all act childish. No one talks at anything like a normal speed. It's like watching a youtube video with the playback speed cranked up.The basic premise and story of the first episode are fine, but the realisation is just awful.Who is this aimed at really? I mentioned teens earlier, but honestly, this is weak sauce knock-off Rick and Morty fare (which is understandable given it has the same creators behind it) but it all feels pointless and tedious.25 mins never felt so long. Or so horribly rushed. I feel like I need a nap to recover afterwards!So it isn't for me. I suspect it won't be for many people. In fact, I suspect it won't last long given its nature and the fact that it is stuck on CBS ALL Access.It's just the latest in long line of Star Trek failures to come out of CBS and Secret Hideout. I hope it will be the last such show to be greenlit, but until Kurtzman's contract runs out with CBS I don't think we'll be seeing anything remotely worth watching in the franchise.Oh well, I suppose I now have Discovery season 3 to \"look forward\" to. At least that might be such a trainwreck as to sink live action Trek til Kurtzman and Co are gone. Honestly... here's hoping!SUMMARY: Bad Trek cartoon for the ADHD generation. Not funny, horribly childish and an assault on the senses. Take Ritalin....lots of Ritalin...in order to watch. Or better yet, just don't bother. It really isn't worth your time.","rating":"4\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Very Cool","review":"In contrast to Discovery it looks like correct canon Star Trek. Looked voraciously. Great references to old series - First Generation and Voyager. Highly recommended to view.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 October 2021"}
{"title":"Good fun","review":"Being born in '77, I didn't get to watch TOS in its initial run, but I became a fan through watching syndicated re-runs. My childhood was filled with Star Trek: watched the shows, and movies, built the models, and bought the toy props too. Hell, I drew my own starship designs, and even made my own board game, (wish I still had it!). My point to all this story telling, is just to clarify, that even though I'm a life long Trek fan, I don't mind the new shows that have appeared in the last few years. There seems to be a rebellion against CBS and \"New Trek\" atm, from \"Real\" Star Trek fans, and most of it is totally unwarranted. Just like with Star Wars, fans have spent years generating future continuity in their heads, as to how their beloved franchise turns out. It creates the issue of any differing visions that come into fruition, getting panned by them. Star Trek was a futuristic vision that opened people's minds, but its absence for so long has caused some fans minds to close.Lower Decks follows pretty much the same mold as The Orville, except it has the Star Trek name on it. Characters act the same with slapstick accord, and humour. If this was a spinoff of The Orville, those same fans would be applauding it.Star Trek is looked upon by so many as rigid and boring. This show might open their minds to giving Star Trek more of their time.","rating":"8\/10","date":"22 October 2020"}
{"title":"An incredibly fun show","review":"I really enjoyed the first season of Lower Decks. It was a really fun watch. I found the jokes really funny and the characters were great. It's a look at the Starfleet's adventures from the average officer's point of view. There are so many in-jokes that pay off for long-time viewers of the franchise, it was made specifically for the fans.There are so many people complaining saying it's 'not funny' and it 'doesn't appeal to anyone' or it's 'not their star trek'. Don't listen to them. Everybody has a different sense of humour and while some jokes may not land for some people, they'll land for others, that doesn't mean it's a bad show. For those saying it's 'not their trek', this feels like TNG, it's true to the lore, the visual style. We're not facing universe-ending odds on a regular basis, we're seeing the day-to-day of a Federation starship, that is the formula of what each episode of TNG was.Before all these negative reviews make you decide otherwise, give it a shot, watch the series and make your own choice.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Funny","review":"I really like Star Trek, but I didn't really get the humor of Orville. This is more to my liking. And I do think, surprisingly, that they make good use of the Star Trek tropes, so I'm glad they've based it on ST and not some other SF franchise.To be honest, I do prefer a silly Star Trak-ish cartoon that is well-made than the last \"serious\" Star Trek spin-off series I have watched.","rating":"8\/10","date":"8 January 2022"}
{"title":"Underrated","review":"Am writing this review to say that more people should be paying attention to this show.","rating":"9\/10","date":"31 January 2021"}
{"title":"I love it!","review":"A brilliant show overall! It is extremely funny and a breath of fresh air! I never thought I would get so hooked up on it! Oh god, please let there be at least 10 seasons of it!\nIt should be noted - it is mostly a comedy, so expect mostly humor, and less of the regular serious sci-fi banter as on other Treks (but sci-fi banter still is a major part of the show, just not said in a serious tone). Enjoy the show, and take is easy!","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 October 2020"}
{"title":"Starting with S2, I'm Liking this Show the Best Out of NuTREK","review":"For my money, STAR TREK: THE LOWER DECKS is the only NuTREK series that even feels like STAR TREK, rather than...whatever else that is which Alex Kurtzman et al are dumping on Paramount+. It's great to see a show with flawed but likeable characters, exploring not-so-strange new worlds with lives and civilizations we already know about, and cleaning up after those who've boldly gone where no one has gone before.Setting the series on a smaller, older ship (the USS CERRITOS, a \"California-Class\" starship) that's easily outpowered and outgunned, never really expected to do anything important or dangerous, but still has that Classic TREK spirit turned out to be a real smart move, because nobody expects the CERRITOS to show up at any major events or battles except as support, and to get out of the way when things get too hot. Even so, that still means the CERRITOS is often dealing with a lot of potentially dangerous (in a humorous way, of course!) situations.Season 1 was a bit uneven as the writers worked out all the characters - our main cast, alien races and guest stars from the TREK Universe. Everybody's a bit more comically exaggerated - for instance, I can't see the Will Riker that spent a decade as Captain Picard's Number One being quite as gleefully reckless with the lives of his subordinates as this series (and Jonathan Frakes) plays him, nor did the Pakleds seem quite as persistently stupid and easily duped.But by now everybody's settled into heightened versions of themselves, with our main cast in particular showing their strengths as well as their humorous weaknesses. You see that Mariner comes by her skating-on-the-edge attitude naturally, as Captain Freeman's a lot like her with a couple decades' more experience under her belt. You can see that Boimler has what it takes to grow into a calm, diplomatic commanding officer like Jean-Luc Picard someday, and that Rutherford and Tendi are one shove away from becoming lovers and eventually a Power Couple like Riker and Troi.It never forgets it's a comedy, but STAR TREK: THE LOWER DECKS also never forgets it is, first and formost, STAR TREK....","rating":"9\/10","date":"8 January 2022"}
{"title":"very clever and fun","review":"Lower Decks is a very welcome addition to all things Trek, and it's got some hilarious stuff. Can't wait for season 2.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Absolutely brilliant!","review":"This show shames all of Trekdom by being the most brilliant thing ever, with great characters, good animation, and most importantly, an epic intro! This is what Star Trek is all about!","rating":"8\/10","date":"29 October 2021"}
{"title":"Can't understand why trekkies are giving this low scores...","review":"I like the concept. Like the Orville adding a bit of humour to the serious side of Star Trek. Its a unique twist and has some funny moments.\nThis is still better than Discovery which to me became a bit of a bore fest.","rating":"8\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Just relax fans","review":"The first episode or two was a little rough for me, like you can tell the show was trying to find its footing. But it really takes off after that and I've enjoyed every episode! The acting is top notch and I love seeing the development of the characters as the season progresses. The nods to the various past Trek shows\/movies is great I'll even pause it every once in a while and look up a name that I can't quite remember off hand, which makes me appreciate the writing even more since you can tell they all enjoyed Trek before this project.\nThe show doesn't take itself too seriously either which is a nice contrast to shows like Discovery and Picard- while those shows tend to put a lot on the viewers to follow and pay attention to and think deeply about, Lower Decks is much more fun and easy going and isn't shoving anything down the viewers' throats.\nI throughly enjoyed this whole first season and I'm super excited to see what the second season has in store!","rating":"8\/10","date":"21 October 2020"}
{"title":"Fantastic","review":"I haven't read any other reviews but I imagine opinions are mixedA typical Trek series with a good mix of charactersDoctor T'Ana is a superb character and in the running for best Starfleet medic.Very highly recommended.","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 September 2021"}
{"title":"Belongs In The Script Bin","review":"I wasn't aware of the existence of this abomination until a friend pointed it out to me. I checked out the trailer, and premise; was left feeling nauseous, but decided to give it a shot, since it is star trek after all and the main honcho behind it is involved with Rick and Morty, so maybe first episode jitters?It is atrociously bad. From the mobile-graphic clean-cut animation to the archaic comedy vibes, the rushed pace and the unfunny script with the annoying characters with barely any worthwhile introductions being made for them, this show reminds me of the incredibly mediocre Avenue-5 show with Hugh Laurie, except much much worse, but generally same humor that falls flat.I feel sorry for those involved in this, because it is going to get thrashed. Generally I like to take some positives away from watching something, but rarely have I ended watching something that I struggle to take something positive from it. I'm a Star Trek fan. I can tolerate a lot. I've tolerated and liked some elements of Enterprise. I gave Star Trek Discovery a chance and it surprised me, pleasantly. I gave Picard a chance from start to finish, and walked away disliking it immensely, but still appreciative of where it stood.This? No. No one asked for this show. Did someone watch ST:NG \"Lower Decks\" episode and thought, \"Hey, that be a great idea!\" And you know what? That is a great idea, a show based around the crew you generally don't hear about.However, arriving to that idea, someone decided to warp and twist it into what this is; which is a unfunny take of what Star Trek is. Avoid, avoid avoid!It Isn't Funny. It isn't clever. So, what is it?I have no clue.","rating":"1\/10","date":"11 August 2020"}
{"title":"Best Star Trek series","review":"Best Star Trek series brilliant, this is what TNG was missing. Such fun to watch.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Ignore the reviews - this is enjoyable","review":"If you like Futurama, Rick and Morty etc you'll like this. It's an easy watch and will appeal to every one. There are some good Treky jokes too.\nTawny Newsome from Space Force is the stand out star here. Jack Quaid from the Boy's is great too.\nWatch a couple of episodes and I'm sure you'll like it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 February 2021"}
{"title":"Something new","review":"The amount of love for Star Trek put into this show is easy to see. Almost every trope is highlighted and made funny. Boimler is a trek fan amalgamation and I don't recall seeing a character Mariner before but her backstory and motivations are interesting. All of the main characters are fun. There's more here than meets the eye, so please watch the whole first season before judging it.","rating":"8\/10","date":"8 August 2021"}
{"title":"Get Ready for the Ride","review":"When I heard they were making another Star Trek cartoon, I was almost unable to control my eye rolls. Every previous attempt at this aspect of Star Trek has failed miserably and completely. I decided to try it as I read some of the reviews and was so glad I did. This show is hilarious. Their comedic take on Star Trek tropes is dynamic, flowing, and superbly written. My wife had to tell me to stop laughing so loud as she was trying to sleep in the other room. The characters are well-thought out, the dialogue is genuine and exactly what a Star Trek character would say, and the storylines pull you along and keep you entertained. Very funny and rewarding. Great show all around.","rating":"10\/10","date":"24 August 2023"}
{"title":"It's fun!!!","review":"Thoroughly enjoyable, light-hearted fun.\nLoved the dynamic of the four main characters, their friendship was really believable.\nAlso, this show is not taking itself seriously at all, which is refreshing after the constant whining on Discovery.\nI don't care if this show isn't \"true\" Trek or whatever, it's fun and way better than the overall rating implies.","rating":"8\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Loved it!","review":"I think this show is great, it's a lot of fun and is obviously made by people with a deep love and knowledge about trek. Yes there is some self-deprecation here, but I think a healthy amount. It's good to be able to laugh at some of the cheesy things in trek, and it's always done with affection - there are so many Easter eggs it's hard to even pick them all up, but most importantly it has a charismatic cast and great writing, making this a valuable addition to the franchise by taking it in a new direction and opening up future possibilities.","rating":"10\/10","date":"26 August 2021"}
{"title":"To blandly go where everyone has been before and wished they hadn't....","review":"Imagine an unfunny version of \"The Orville\" with badly cliched plot lines, irritating characters, more woke drivel and you have whatever this is supposed to be.Animations are alright but then someone added in dialogue......Anyway 2\/10.","rating":"2\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Don't be blind to love!","review":"McMahan's love for the lore and history of Star Trek is palpable! Do all of the jokes hit the mark? No, but the nostalgia factor and character development are lovely to experience episode by episode. If you're not feeling happy watching this show, then I think you have decided not to like it and that's too bad. I used to have the same attitude for family outings and what a shame I did!","rating":"9\/10","date":"10 October 2020"}
{"title":"Inventive sharp and on point","review":"The more I watch this the more I appreciate it. Fun animation, witty sharp script, lots of in jokes and cool little stories. I think Lower Decks is great.","rating":"8\/10","date":"3 September 2021"}
{"title":"As someone who has seen literally every Star Trek episode and film...","review":"This is honestly a great series. Without any spoilers, the writing team refreshingly play around with establish Trek tropes and storyline's. I would've loved watching this as a kid and would be a pretty great introduction to Star Trek for kids to ease them into Star Trek (a lot of the stuff in the older shows are pretty mature by today's standards). Season 2 has some great throwbacks for older trekkies. It's awesome to see a Tamarian security chief.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 September 2021"}
{"title":"From a Star Trek lifelong fan","review":"This show is great, don't listen to the 1 star review of butthurt armchair fans of Star Trek. These are the same people who probably think Rick and Morty is the greatest thing since sliced bread. The satire in this animation is self-exploring and touches on many of the tidbits that make Star Trek both good and horribly boring. The hate probably stems from exposing this uncomfortable truth among trekkies. Originally the show didn't have a real story arc and was just a series of discombobulated adventures. Most of the episodes were filler by today's standards. Not even TNG, which is probably the best Star Trek ever was, escaped the curse of boredom. This animation series tries to shake things up and I love this direction away from dry Starfleet regulations and drone character development. I big.LIKE this show as a lifelong (30+ years) true Star Trek fan.","rating":"9\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Trek to the core, love it","review":"I don't know why the ratings are so low, maybe this changes now it's on Amazon prime and more people will watch it. It has everything I complain in Discovery and Picard about. True to the lore, interesting and fun characters and a deep connection to the universe we loved in TNG, DS9 and VOY. I cannot describe the feeling by seeing LCARS stations, hearing sounds like the Holodeck Doors or simply seeing uniforms that remind me of the Trek I love so deeply. It's actually a shame this is an animated show, because this is what I hoped STD or Picard would be. It's a perfect mix of Trek and Orville, let's hope for more seasons.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"Decent adult cartoon comedy","review":"While it might not appeal to the die hard trekkies who are overly protective of their franchise, it is nevertheless an enjoyable soft sci-fi comedy written in a sitcom style. Definitely a step up from family guy, and clearly not attempting to be Ricky and Morty (The pacing, plots, and characters are nothing like R&M don't know where these comparisons are coming from).The characters are consistent with some amount of growth between episodes. The plots are consistent and typically contained to a single episode, while those plotlines that are multi-episode are developed gradually. The humor is sometimes slapstick, but mostly situational comedy.A solid show if you give it a chance","rating":"8\/10","date":"6 September 2020"}
{"title":"Go watch Final Space instead","review":"This is basically just Final Space set in the Star Trek universe, but without the heart and narrative complexity that made Final Space so great. It's occasionally funny and moderately interesting as an experiment, but it doesn't make any attempts to stand on it's own.I'll also take this opurtunity to say to go watch Final Space. It's the greatest animated property to come around in years, and this show is just a carbon copy of it.","rating":"2\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Just plain thankful that this outstanding parody exists!","review":"Having seen nearly every Star Trek property - the shows the movies, even the animation - and having my favorites and dislikes much like any ST fan, the fact that they could put together this laugh-fest themselves is a work of art. The show self-references all the other properties regularly with inside-joke after inside-joke, catering to Star Trek fans in the extreme, but also wonderfully fun for people new to the Star Trek family. Best of all this show loves making fun of Star Trek itself, and the often too-serious fandom who tries to argue the tiniest tidbits of canon material. The fact that Rodenberry Productions financed the show is a great testament to the age old ability to laugh at oneself, and this terrific show does just that, taking deliciously cheap shots at all things Star Trek with a loving touch behind it all. The magic however is that they have also created original, lovable characters that stay true to their unique roles, despite being comedic. We were hooked after only a few episodes and cannot wait for the next season!","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 November 2022"}
{"title":"What's all the hate?","review":"It's nothing amazing but it's perfectly watchable and fun. Nice to see the franchise making a bit of fun of itself.","rating":"9\/10","date":"15 September 2020"}
{"title":"Great!!","review":"Star Trek: Lower Decks is what the live action Star Treks of recent should of been. Its crazy to me that this is the only series that continues the universe.You immediately fall in love with all the characters. The main characters friendships almost reminds you of the friendships of the main bridge crew of the Enterprise. Its light hearted fun that fallows the Star Trek mythos pretty accurately.I think Paramount Plus should of built out Star Trek: Lower Decks as an hour long live action series!But as an animated 30 minute show its already better than; Discovery, Strange New Worlds and Picard.","rating":"9\/10","date":"22 February 2023"}
{"title":"One of the best series ever!","review":"I was afraid that it would be a bad series at the beginning, but then I saw it and was impressed by the series. Comedy usually isn't a Star Trek thing but boy oh boy is this a great series. The animation is so great and the speakers are great. Especially the one of Ensign Mariner. It doesn't lack of any amazing plot twists or good jokes. I don't see how people not like this. I am a big fan of Star Trek Lower Decks and I can say only one thing to Paramount: Keep this up \u00f0\u0178\u02dc\u20ac","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 June 2022"}
{"title":"Star Trek meets animatiob comedy","review":"This show is hilarious but also true to everything about the past Star Trek series. This show got more references and hidden easter eggs than all the haters out there dreaming of an Original series season 4 or TNG season 8. I'm sorry but the 60's and 90's are over and this does it's best to honor all those shows. People hated this before it even came out. Well they can keep rewatching the past while the rest of us enjoy the masterpiece in front of us. I hope the show last for another 30 seasons just like The Simpsons. I love it and I only wish the episodes were longer, like 50 minutes.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 August 2020"}
{"title":"Great start","review":"Great start to what's going to be a very entertaining series. Humour that fits Starfleet and references reaching deep into canon","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Bullying is not funny","review":"If you thought the ball being pulled every time Charlie Brown tried to take a kick was funny, you will love this. Mariner is a self centered, arrogant, entitled character, who just happens to be related to two of the highest ranking officials in starfleet, Mariner uses that privilege to ruin the life of Boimler, a junior officer whose only crime is working hard and trying to make something of his career. Mariner gets no blow back for this behaviour and we are meant to think this is cute.Bullying is not humourous, it is abuse.","rating":"1\/10","date":"26 February 2021"}
{"title":"A cartoon with lots of promise for star trek fans","review":"What if you crossed Star Trek with Rick and Morty? The result is Star Trek Lower Decks, an adult animation cartoon series that airs new episodes on thursdays only on CBS All Access (soon to be Paramount+ next year) and produced by the team behind the 2009 star trek reboot trilogy. The animation is quite fun and there's lots of humor that makes fun at the franchise. My favorite part is when the star trek logo character tries to attack the crew.","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 September 2020"}
{"title":"The only good trek thing made","review":"Yesss! Now this is entertainment! Everything before this has been so hard to sit through and awful. This is actually entertaining, funny, witty, and has great characters.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"a mixture of rick and morty and star treck.have high potentials","review":"So i saw this on youtube and was like:what is this so i watched the season 1 and i can say it was enjoyable.its like rick and morty in star treck Universe.or we can say its so much like Final space serie\ni know alots of people say its a rip off and this serie is destroying star treck\nbut i found it good and with high potentials.\nit started weak but its getting better in new episode\ni suggest you give it a try and see if you like it","rating":"8\/10","date":"5 September 2020"}
{"title":"Steadily improved over the course of the season","review":"It didn't have the smoothest start, but Lower Decks came into its own as the season went on all the way up to the excellent finale, which featured a couple of welcome cameos. I look forward to season 2.","rating":"8\/10","date":"8 October 2020"}
{"title":"Don't take it too seriously","review":"Honestly this is a funny show. I'm sure it will upset \"Trekkies\" who take the shows as gospel and argue over mundane trivial stuff. Lower Decks is just a fun show focused on the NORMAL rank and file in the federation. Anyone who says they'd rather watch the original cartoon series over this clearly isn't the target audience.","rating":"8\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Pacing Was Off","review":"I've only watched the Pilot but I felt the pacing was off and it was predictable. It felt like it didn't know who its audience was. I laughed a few times, but a lot of the \"jokes\" just made me roll my eyes.I would give it a chance and keep watching but I'd rather not pay for another streaming service to do so.","rating":"3\/10","date":"14 August 2020"}
{"title":"The original Star Trek had a vision. This is a great expansion to that vision.","review":"The range of Star Trek material gets deeper and more diverse to find audiences it might have never reached in the past. I'm intrigued by the fresh perspectives on old material. And it's a blast!","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 August 2020"}
{"title":"A Star Trek Comedy","review":"It's best to think of this show as more of a parody than actual Star Trek. As someone who loves the 90s Treks and hates the new stuff I can really get down on this show. There are a lot of callbacks to The Next Generation which are pretty funny. We even get a glimpse of Armus in season 2!They keep it light-hearted and funny while calling out some of the more ridiculous parts of Star Trek canon. It's nice to see a show that doesn't take itself too seriously.Thus far they've avoided all the woke nonsense that have made the new series like Discovery such an incredible drag and a black spot on the Star Trek name. Lower Decks doesn't try to be anything it isn't. It doesn't beat you over the head with any fake idealism, it's just about the humor. This is the only new Star Trek that I look forward to them making more episodes.","rating":"8\/10","date":"28 September 2022"}
{"title":"Why hate ???","review":"I think it's a good show people are taking it way too seriously it is a cool plot twist it's the whole franchise","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"A series that is tries to be too much but knows where it's heart is at.","review":"I am coming up on this review at the second half of the second season of this show and trust me, this series needed a whole season to find its footing and audience. You need to get through at least half a season before the show finds its footing.The problem with it is that it doesn't want to be ONE thing. It wants to be Star Trek, it wants to be Rick and Morty, it wants to be a comedy, it wants to be sci-fi, it wants to be a parody, it wants to be canon... it wants to be everything and that sets it apart from other series in that only old fans will find rewatchability in the series because the jokes are mostly split between old fans and new ones.I rate season 1 a 6 and season 2 an 8 so far.So why an 8 and not a 7 because in season 2 it definitly found its heart and it is in the characters and the relationships between them. Something which took a lot of other series a lot of time to discover.In short, it has potential to be great if it follows a canon and not just episodic. I like the characters and what the writers are doing with them as of season 2.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 September 2021"}
{"title":"Best Star Trek series ever!","review":"Lower decks is, by far, the best Star Trek series ever. Where else in Star Trek do you have a captain, trying to get her daughter, with whom she has a fractured relationship, reassigned off her ship? Arguing with her admiral husband about it over subspace. Who weasels out of doing it and finds a dubious excuse to end the transmission.This show is IDIC personified and writ large.Wonderfully subversive. Roddenberry, who believed in future where everyone got along, would have hated it. Lower Decks is the diametric opposite of the first season of The Next Generation. Which didn't work very well. Star Trek has always worked best when there's conflict and disparate personalities coming together.I hope this show runs for a long time.","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 August 2020"}
{"title":"To the people that are bashing this show.","review":"This shows and that people who didn't grow up in the time of Star Trek. Aimed at people 25 and under that said....If you never watch Star Trek you'll love the show. I see people here comparing it to Star Trek saying it ruins the name of the show. However if you take it for what it is at face value a comedy show that happens to have a lot of Star Trek elements it's very good. The female leads are also refreshing from the typical male leads that we see in these roles however it doesn't feel forced it feels natural. The comedy is is good and the show has an overall feel good vibe. I'd say the show is probably better than other shows I've seen like final space where it can be a bit cringeworthy at times but if you're here to receive some nostalgia you're looking in the wrong place I imagine it's older people giving the show the bad reviews that it doesn't deserve.","rating":"8\/10","date":"3 September 2020"}
{"title":"Another WOKE utterly pointless \"Kurtzman Trek\" series","review":"The guy just won't quit, trust me when I say this series is very much like \"Star Trek: Picard\" in the way it shows Hollywood woke mentality and highlights yet again the huge chasm between it and real Star Trek. Honestly I thought I could like something which tries to be a cross between Rick and Morty and Star trek, but this tosh fails on so many levels.Kurtzman's writing and production skills (or rather lack of) yet again underscores the complete lack of direction and vision in our future, which is the complete opposite of the story Gene Roddenberry told so well in previous trek series. It's use of cliche and trek lore is weak at best and sad at worse. Its so obvious the creators yet again did no homework whatsoever. Its like they're using Star Trek, like Disney uses Star Wars and Donald Trump uses his presidency. To make money for themselves and nothing more.Lower Decks is a perfect example of what's wrong with Trek since Kurtzman took the helm. Hell, its slightly better than ST: Picard, but really people, is that a selling point? :(","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"SO SATISFYING","review":"Clearly for TNG fans. Every episode comes loaded with easter eggs. Then I feel good about myself for catching all the references. :PI love how it doesn't take itself too seriously. It's still Star Trek, but it's just fun!","rating":"8\/10","date":"1 September 2021"}
{"title":"Breath of Fresh Air","review":"As a big fan of 90's cartoon Ren and Stimpy back in the day, I get this. I find this a great cross between the humour of Red Dwarf and Star Trek cannon. 100% better than the JJ and Pegg film's ..","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Ignore the naysayers","review":"Too many Boimlers in the review section be more like Mariner!","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 August 2021"}
{"title":"My new favourite Animated Comedy show","review":"Complete surprise ! I have to say I did not expect to be entertained that much ! The show's premise is fresh and fun, but the writing and acting takes it way beyond what I was waiting for. The fact that the characters (all lovable underdogs) are established from the get go as admires\/geek\/nerds of the canon figures of all the classic series get all the references both enjoyable and on point, but every episode introduces classic-like Star Trek storylines and plots that do not pale in comparison to any other entry in the franchise. Even better, the fact that it is animated allows for a lot of situations to be introduced naturally while it would look weird\/cheap in any other format & a cost a, arm and a leg. Finally, the 22 minutes format allows for a fast-paced heart-thumping beat that made me eat the whole first season in one sitting, just pausing at episode 9 to write this review. To use one of my favourite quotes, it is \"way better than it had any right to be\". I LOVE it and am already eager to watch more. Kudos to everyone involved !!","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Decent crack at \"official\" star trek parody","review":"I gotta say I had a better time watching the first two episodes of lower decks then i've had watching two seasons of discovery.There's definetly a lot to improve on here, the comedy writing feels a little cheap most of the time, but I do catch myself laughing enough, shame on me right?\nEitherway, 2 episodes in, the characters still feel a little flat, I believe there's a lot of room for growth in that department and I hope the rest of the season ticks up.Speaking of those refferences tho, the fanservice in this is top notch. Within the confines of it's parody nature the show honours the \"Golden Age Star Trek TV Era\" very well. Klingons look (albeit animated) and act like the Klingons I love.As long as you keep in mind that it isn't trying to be more than a fun animated \"Spoof Trek\" of sorts it at the very least holds up with the other Star Trek shows we've got as of late and I think it's worth a watch if you were into The Next Generation, Deep Space Nine, Voyager or Enterprise.","rating":"9\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"Love and hate","review":"Simply this is the best of new trek. This both loves and hates trek, the more trek you know the more you will love or hate the show. But as an old school trek fan this is the best since the 90s. Not sure what that means but its better than Picard or STD.","rating":"9\/10","date":"18 February 2021"}
{"title":"Not the feel of Star Trek","review":"This show would have a much higher rating from me, if they removed \"Star Trek\" from the title. They tried too hard to reproduce Final Space, that there is 0 feel of Star Trek in this show.On it's own, this show is fun and cute, but you cannot call this a Star Trek show, it has nothing to do with Star Trek, outside of them being in the same universe.","rating":"4\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Everything I wanted and more..","review":"I remember watching the original \"Lower Decks\" episode on Next Generation Star Trek and I instantly wanted more. I originally pictured a, Star Fleet Academy \"90210\". With all the drama and comedy, but it never happened. Now that time has passed, I very much appreciate all this \"Lower Decks\" has done. As a Star Trek Fan, I don't even begin to understand a \"7\" rating. This show is amazing, and again, I NEED MORE!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 April 2021"}
{"title":"Slow start","review":"Slow start but gets better. I have to say much better than discovery.","rating":"9\/10","date":"1 December 2020"}
{"title":"I was wrong to hate it","review":"I started watching with an open mind, I love most things \"Trek\".The first few episodes were almost painful to sit through.It felt like there should be rim-shots, and the characters wanted to look at the forth wall and say \"Ha ha!\"...\nI stuck with it, and by the second season I feel like the show really found it's footing.It genuinely felt like star trek, and I started to care about the characters.Didn't check the credits, but I'm assuming there was a change in the writing staff.Season 1 is a slow burn, but if you stick with it, it's actually a fun and entertaining show. JMO.","rating":"8\/10","date":"1 March 2022"}
{"title":"Its actually quite ok ...","review":"Frankly, the whole idea kinda rings well with me personally.The show is supposed to address the \"every day life\" of \"the other folk\" that are living and working on a star-ship, in a comic fashion similar to other shows out there like Futurama, American Dad, Final Space, etc. Really don't get all the hate... It's a light animated series that does its own thing while based on Star Trek as frame reference.If you liked shows such as the ones mentioned above, you might just like this one as well, for what it is, as opposed to all other opinions that seem to have expected a Star Trek \"the cartoon\" series....","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"The trekkies are in an uproar....","review":"I can only imagine that it's hardcore Star Trek fanboys (and girls?) who are so down on this show, simply because it's not \"old school Trek\". I've never been a huge ST fan, although I've watched plenty of the shows and movies over the years.\nAll that being said, I REALLY enjoy this show. I think the comparisons to Rick and Morty are unfair. The art style is more like Final Space (a good thing), but the writing is not nearly sharp (or 'adult') enough to be like R&M. Still, the characters are mostly interesting, the dialog is well delivered, the pacing is quick without being difficult to follow, and I think the jokes are fine for the setting. And no, I'm not a pre-pubescent teenager, I'm a forty-something married male human with a house and full time job.\nCompared to only itself, the show is...entertaining. Isn't that what a half-hour animated sci-fi semi-satirical show should be? Is it perfect? No. Did I enjoy both episodes I've watched so far? Very much.","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"funny.","review":"The lower decks are pretty funny. (I saw all Star Trek. all. )\nThese adventures are easy and full of light humor. Unwind and enjoy.","rating":"8\/10","date":"14 August 2020"}
{"title":"Loved it","review":"It's animated Star Trek and it's funny, fun and nice to look at. I love it!","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 August 2020"}
{"title":"Super fun change of pace","review":"As a longtime Trekkie I have been so pleased to see this wonderfully goofy new edition to the universe. Lower Decks takes on a completely different approach to the Star Trek Universe with this animated comedy featuring an irreverent cast of characters that make me think of shows like Red vs Blue. This show is not as serious as the rest and that's actually a good thing here that shows just how versatile Star Trek is. If you're loving Discovery (another great show) and find yourself craving something light hearted in between episodes or to hold you over until the next season, or if you just love good comedy then this show is for you","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 September 2020"}
{"title":"Best of the new trek shows","review":"Having been a long-time trek fan, this show is very well executed. The first episode is pretty rough, but what star trek first episode isn't? Sure it's finding its footing, but each episode has been consistently better than the one before it. By the end of the season, the episodes are just a fun romp through space with tons of jokes and references from writers who clearly love old trek.","rating":"9\/10","date":"8 October 2020"}
{"title":"Don't be fooled by bitter old fans who refuse to change with time.","review":"This is easily my number two Trek behind DS9 now. It captures perfectly how ridiculous the decision making process on Starfleet vessels is, and gives the nameless crew the limelight it has always deserved. This is exactly what Star Trek needed to capture a younger audience that is increasingly feeling like a lower deck crew trapped on board a ship ran by obstinate goofballs over time. Angsty fans: Stop trying to dictate where the show goes. You are not a monolith. If they listened to you, Trek might have died in the nineties. They don't always get everything right, but railing on this show like spoiled children is just going to make your demographic even more irrelevant with time.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 October 2020"}
{"title":"By Trekkies, for trekkies.","review":"Don't let the low scores discourage you from watching this. It's not a show written by Trekkies, who love to make fun of Trek. It's a show MADE FOR US. The humor isn't crude, but it's definitely not for kids either. Truly a breath of fresh air. \/r\/startrek is the most \"hate new trek no matter what\" place I know, but they love this show just as much as I do.","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 October 2020"}
{"title":"A rocky start, but this is actually Star Trek","review":"Lower Decks feels like a fan service to bring back all the Discovery haters, or as I call it, \"The Amazing Michael Burnham Show\".Not every episode is a hit, but unlike the Burnham Show, this is actually Star Trek, and I love it for it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 October 2020"}
{"title":"It's not that \"woke\", but it's also not that good","review":"I see a lot of one star reviews complaining that the show has forced \"woke\"ness. I don't think that is true, it's just very diverse and multicultural, as Trek has always been. The important thing when showing diversity is equality, as long as they don't show all white male characters and buffoons and clowns there is no issue.The real problem is this is not the spirit or tone of Star Trek at all. This is just Final Space re-branded and put in a new universe. Go watch any episode of TOS, TNG, DS9, Voyager, then watch this, and it's clear that the only show on TV right now that comes close to the tone of Trek is The Orville.I don't understand why the owners of the Trek property are so afraid to give Trek fans what they want, and I don't think they will be getting over that fear any time soon.","rating":"4\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"I really dont understand the hate? I had a fun time!!","review":"I really found it hilarious :D Maybe its because I am from EU","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not Your Typical Star Trek...","review":"I'm not sure what's up with the other reviews, we found the first two episodes of this new series hilarious and entertaining. The pace is quite different and more irreverent than any other Star Trek series; we love that the franchise is taking risks and stepping out of the style their past offerings.There are plenty of offhand references to previous series throughout, making this new show appealing to longtime Star Trek fans. In many ways, it's a parody of itself and longtime fans will immediately appreciate the subtle pokes at ST lore and the unique perspective of the typically less important crew outside of the bridge.Ignore the other user reviews and give the show a chance so you can formulate your own opinion.","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Good!","review":"Initially I found this to be a filler of time: entertaining, but nothing overly funny like say, Rick and Morty.By the end of the first season the show really started to show more promise and into the second season it is still improving which is great.Probably my favourite character is Riker when he makes the odd appearnce.","rating":"8\/10","date":"21 September 2021"}
{"title":"Not your typical Star Trek","review":"Yeah, but it's still amazing. Yes, I'm totally biased on this because I'm a Trekkie. The lower ensigns feel more relatable than most of the crew in Next Generation. #notsorry I mostly liked counselor Troi. No, not because she's a woman but somehow she felt relatable. Picard also kind of. I'm on episode 5 of season 1 but I already love these goofy ensigns.Because of the characters and it being a cartoon it's not same as the other shows. This is more goofy, not so uptight, looking at you captain Picard, and the atmosphere is kind of of more relaxed. I know that Star Trek has always been about Starfleet and exploration but I always wonder how the average human lives on earth. Starfleet is the military so how are the ordinary people living in this utopian society. This is closer to that since we are not constantly only with the captains and admirals.Dunno, either D'vana or Mariner are my favorites. Yes, I like them because they are women. Get over it. Boimler is funny and I kind of relate to him.","rating":"9\/10","date":"22 September 2021"}
{"title":"Not Star Trek...And That's a Good Thing!","review":"The fact that this show averages 6\/10 on here is a travesty. My take is that Star Trek die hards tuned in expecting a carbon copy of previous iterations of the show and immediately turned vindictive when they didn't hear Patrick Stewart voicing every character.Don't get me wrong, I love Star Trek! Not a die hard but big fan of the franchise. This show takes places in the same thematic universe, but other than that is a completely new, hilarious, refreshing addition to the lore!Lower Decks is funny, creative, quick with the jokes and not afraid to poke fun at Star Trek as a whole while still staying true to the \"laws\" of Star Fleet and the universe as a whole. The characters are perfect compliments to one another and it took me less than 2 episodes to get completely hooked.Verdict: don't watch it expecting your dad's\/older sister's Star Trek, this is adult animation in the sense that it is all about having a good time while watching. Watch it like you would a \"new\" show, with no stone-set expectations about what should happen or how the characters should act, and I promise you you'll like it.Love this show, never change Lower Decks!","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 September 2020"}
{"title":"This is true Star Trek hidden inside a cartoon comedy","review":"From the opening credits, through the visials, the sounds, the animated versions of the classic camera shots and the nature of the story telling, this is a genuine continuation of the 90s-era of Star Trek.Anybody who is an actual fan of Star Trek will quickly see that there are real Trek stories happening - just off to the left of the stories that we are following instead. The characters, although cartoon exaggerations, are the same type of people that we have seen in supporting roles in classic Trek, and the events shown are, once again, simply exaggerated forms of things that we've seen happen before.Despite the mobilisation of certain elements to review-bomb the show on here anf Rotten Tomatoes (ironically the same elements that accused CBS of doing just that in relation to positive reviews of previous shows) it is a really enjoyable addition to the Star Trek universe.Obviously, though, if you can't get past animation or dislike hunour (or Star Trek) this won't be the show for you!","rating":"10\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"For teenagers. But why?","review":"I was looking forward to this and expected an adult comedy with animation similar to the animated Star Trek series or Archer. I was also hoping it would have been set on The Enterprise. I envisioned many different scenarios for comedy highlighting the difference between the daily drudgery of lower deck crew members with the excitement and glory of Kirk, Spock and the rest. This is none of those things. It seems like it is geared towards teenagers, which is strange as I don't think many of them are interested or would understand the Star Trek Universe. Every character is juvenile, fast talking, loud and hyper. It would have been much funnier to have Cliff Clavin George Castanza and Frankie Heck type characters geared to adult comedy. I've watched 2 episodes and I'm done.","rating":"3\/10","date":"14 August 2020"}
{"title":"BETTER THAN DISCOVERY","review":"I really like that, it's like The Orville, but cartoon and with even more crazy situations.\nI would give 100%, but there is trailer for Discovery on end of last part, that destroyed my day. :-D","rating":"9\/10","date":"11 October 2020"}
{"title":"Equal parts parody and sincerity","review":"When I first started watching this, I didn't really know what to expect. I'd feared it might end up being just some watered down version of Rick & Morty or Final Space. After having watched the full series, however, I can say I truly enjoyed it.There's a lot there for fans of Star Trek to enjoy, with the show referencing past plot points and parodying many star trek tropes. But the fun-poking at other series of Star Trek isn't heavy-handed or mean spirited and I think that the writers of the show hold a lot of genuine love and affection for Star Trek, which comes through in the writing and makes the show feel authentic and fun. It's irreverent, but not disrespectful to the texts it's holding up mirrors to.Moreover, the show isn't JUST references and parody. It builds upon these jokes about other Star Trek series to build stories of its own which are enjoyable and fun little comedy romps. For this reason, I think it could probably be fairly accessible and enjoyable to people who don't really know too much about Star Trek.All-in-all, I do recommend this show, I think it's made with care and appreciation for Star Trek and could probably get both fans and strangers to the franchise smiling at the antics and laughing at the jokes.","rating":"8\/10","date":"12 October 2020"}
{"title":"I absolutely love this show!","review":"It's brilliant. It's everything I imagine happening behind the scenes. The story isn't always about the people on the bridge, everyone has amazing stories!","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 August 2021"}
{"title":"Way more Star Trek than Discovery","review":"Like many here I am a massive Star Trek fan. unlike others here I don't understand those that say this isn't Star Trek. it has all the usual core values but unlike Discovery it doesn't constantly preach at its audience and it has some genuinely funny scenes and excellent character definitions. if you are a genuine Star Trek fan you'll love the constant references and cameo appearances. I really hope they make another series. With \"Discovery\" stinking-up Netflix and Picard on hiatus, this is the best place to get your nerd on, and have a few laughs on the way.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 January 2021"}
{"title":"Watch it .its 22 minutes 10 episodes a season can you really afford not to ? Give it a try","review":"Too many TREK fans out there having high expectations For something that just simply can't be recreated... it's a cartoon so I don't know what you expected ? Just give it a go watch the first few episodes that's basically the humor and comedy you'll get throughout .. the end of the first season was a good start ;they did a small build over the last few episodes which they could absolutely do better with the next season . For the first half of the season it seems like every episode is it's own personal story\nI also think they could go a bit further with some of the u derwriting make the characters a bit bolder they seem to teeter-totter over ..crazy , yet conservative ( other than mariner) maybe that's because they're star fleet ? I don't know . But that's really my only issue\nI love the characters . It really is a great cast they've chosen .\nIt's a got some good banter and a lot of Dark moments.which I love .i really don't understand the hate. If you truly love TREK you'd be happy they keep things going at all instead of letting it die out, it's all about reaching and furthering your audience . If this reaches a different group then great .I hope they keep this series going","rating":"9\/10","date":"12 October 2020"}
{"title":"This is a good show!","review":"I don't get the hate this show is getting! It's a wholesome fun for the whole family and I absolutely love it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 October 2020"}
{"title":"Star Drek","review":"Unfunny, chaotic, vapid, unwanted.This does not even merit the name \"Lower Decks\" which is a fine TNG episode.Star Trek has went the way of the Dodo, like Star Wars and Doctor Who the people who are custodians of the franchise clearly do not understand it.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Fanboys need to lighten up","review":"Star Trek fan here. All the way to the beginning. I met the entire crew at the first ever Star Trek convention and shook their hands. When this show came on it was a great watch. Good humor, laughter at the expense of the Star Trek Canon (What's up with the Enterprise? Its like something happens every week with those people..) and still a decent 20 minute adventure with characters you want to laugh at. Why some act like some part of their lives is blasphemed somehow. Well lighten up. Climb out of the cellar and just enjoy a little satire. Even if its at your expense. The Star Trek franchise approves of this and its a helluva lot better than that old stiff Star Trek cartoon.","rating":"9\/10","date":"19 November 2020"}
{"title":"Compared to Discovery it should be a 10","review":"Great show. Love the characters and quiet possibly the best Star Trek in the last decade.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"More TREK than CBS's other recent endeavors.","review":"Like all Trek shows it takes a few episodes to really get off the ground. Of course this is necessary because the heart of Trek shows are the characters and it always takes a bit for audiences to really get a feel for the cast.Lower Decks is chock full of jokes and some of those will only be caught by Trek fans. It is based in the TNG era and both captures the episodic nature of that show and weaves in an ongoing plot around the cast.The show has just the right amount of quick witted dialogue driven humor, adventure, and Trek lore to make it one of the most \"Trek\" shows since Voyager.","rating":"10\/10","date":"27 October 2020"}
{"title":"Great!","review":"Well, that's a surprise! After reading the reviews on this page, I wasn't expecting much. Maybe that's a good thing becouse I worship everything with \"Star Trek\" name in it and I allways expect something new to blew my mind. Discovery (3) and Picard (1) didn't do that. Oh boy, not at all... Lower Decks are good. More than good. Compared to STD and Picard, they ar awsome!","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 September 2021"}
{"title":"Fun, clever, and still Trek","review":"Star Trek makes fun of itself while celebrating and keeping true to the universe. It uses the cartoon format to make the monsters and scenarios more dramatic, but is also story driven with interesting character developments and ideas. Very creative, and I sincerely hope it continues.","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 September 2021"}
{"title":"Like Star Trek, but actually fun","review":"I have watched the first season in one day. Animation and voice acting is great. It's refreshing to see some actual character development even during a relatively short screen time.","rating":"9\/10","date":"15 February 2021"}
{"title":"Anti Star Trek Protagonist Show","review":"The core problem of this show is that Beckett Mariner as the protagonist of this show has a sporty dark triad personality mixed with some random silliness and anti authority behavior. So she is a little bit like Burnham mixed with Tilly from discovery, if you want to say this nicer you could say she is like Han Solo from Star Wars. In my humble opinion the sheer amount of insubordination by Beckett clearly shows that she is unfit to be a starfleet officer in the TNG era and that is ruining the show. Especially since in my opinion Star Trek shows should not have a main protagonist and instead be an assemble show. Having the most anti-star trek character in a show be the main character of a star trek show is a very questionable decision.I also really have a problem with the portrayal of black woman by secret hideout. This is the second show with a black female lead that suffers from lack of values, mental health problems and personality disorder.The first episode is ok, the second episode a catastrophe, the third one is good and the forth one is excellent.How nerds are treated in this show also lets you question the sanity of the writing staff given the main star trek audience. For example in Episode 3 before the opening credits Beckett nerdshames Brad in front of his audience while he does an nerdy musical dance performance. This is like the 10th instance in which Brad is bullied by Beckett. Take a close look at the face from Brad while he is lead around in a headlock by Beckett at the end of episode 1. This is textbook bulling 101. If you don't understand this, please go to wikipedia and read the article about bulling. There seem to be a lot of people who don't understand what is the difference between ribbing, bulling and conflict.The show doesn't stick enough to canon, protocol is too often ignored, there is a lack of decency and overall a lot of stuff is badly done. Still, going forward, if there are more episodes like episode 4 then this will be the best star trek show produced by secret hideout by far.","rating":"5\/10","date":"13 August 2020"}
{"title":"Love it","review":"Episode 1 till 8 was very good. Episode 9 and 10.. wow!","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 February 2021"}
{"title":"I've seen every Star Trek ever made and love this show!","review":"I've seen them all. When I was a kid I watched the original Saturday morning cartoon Star Trek in the early 70s. Most trekies probably don't even know it exists. I watched the original series reruns over and over. I've seen all shows, movies and original cartoons. I've watched everything Star Trek. This show is hilarious! They poke fun of star trek but in good ways, and they hold very true and pay tribute to all of the original series. The new CBS shows have launched and rebooted star trek in so many good new ways. Keep em coming!","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 November 2020"}
{"title":"Scary amount of 1 star reviews, don't get it.","review":"I feel like those people missed the point of the show. It's making fun of itself, while not being negative to the original content. Guessing these are the people that also didn't like Orville, which is also brilliant.The jokes are totally on point, real laugh out loud moments.\nThen trying to sit itself into a time already passed isn't easy, but it felt effortless.\nAll round it was a enjoyable experience.\nHope there is a lot more to come.","rating":"9\/10","date":"23 November 2020"}
{"title":"Better than I expected.","review":"I'll admit it - I prejudged this. It looks like a knock off Rick and Morty. It's shrill and hyper and the animation makes my eyes hurt. Mariner is an obnoxious know-it-all. Boimler is a whiny narc. Nothing about it appealed.I went in with a \"pffff FINE THEN\" attitude as everyone else around me kept insisting it was the best thing ever. I was sure I would hate it. I was mad at the SNW crossover. I rolled my eyes every time someone mentioned it on Reddit. Seriously I was a hostile audience. Not the most receptive way to approach new shows, but *somehow* this one managed to break through my shields regardless. It's actually pretty good. I was genuinely enjoying it by about halfway though season 1. It even made me laugh out loud a couple of times when I was still expecting to hate it. I'm now well into season 2 and yeah, ok, I'm a convert.I still had to watch it on a tablet though. The animation really does mess with my eyes. Watching small helps.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 August 2023"}
{"title":"I went through \"IMDB Password Recovery\" to support this show ;)","review":"This show is in many ways not like \"old Star Trek\". I liked the old series, be it TNG, Voyager, DS9 or whatsoever and I also liked the movies, the old ones AS WELL as the newer ones. Many people seem to simply not accept some overdue change in tone. And while there still is more serious, new alternatives now (Picard? Discovery? yes, I know, they have their own problems, but still), this series opens a whole new set of \"Trek Atmosphere\" that is great. For some this series misses lots of opportunities that come with the Star Trek license. I for one like that this series COULD be its own franchise but comes with lots of minor references and memories of past days.Lower Dekcs is full of energy, lovely details, fun references and characters that show more development in one season than some main characters over the whole TOS. It's a tricky job to create a series that is charming \/ heartwarming on the one side but fun AND sometimes dark on the other. Old series rarely even tried this, Lower Decks does, successfully.If you don't like the mixture of Sci-Fi and humor (which is a valid attitude), then that's up to you and you should really not watch a series that clearly advertises this mixture. Especially don't go to movies and series of genres you don't like in general and give bad reviews. If you are open to that combination, it's a great show so far ;).","rating":"9\/10","date":"9 October 2020"}
{"title":"Did Someone Say Final Space?","review":"Those who are giving 1\/2 star reviews either don't have a sense of humour or are really not intelligent enough to see what they are trying to do with this show.I Will get the bad out of the way first! This is a complete copy of the series Final Space! (Honestly had to check it wasn't the same writers\/creator involved) but no copy of Final Space with the Star Trek logo glued over the top! The Gary wouldn't be impressed... Same style, same type of comedy even animations.. if you like this show please check that out you'll love it!That being said the show is brilliant best Star Trek show for 20 years and not at all a spit in the face to the original like someone commented!\nCharacters are funny complex and endearing the missions entertaining and bags of fun.\nLacks a reoccurring bad guy ATM but it's still working!Really looking forward to Season 2And I know at this point I sound like a broke drum! But do watch Final Space it's only fair!","rating":"8\/10","date":"27 January 2021"}
{"title":"Just a bad show","review":"I have none of the reservations that so many others do, that it's not properly Star Trek or anything to do with whether or not it fits into the Trek family. The problem is that it is a BAD SHOW. The characters are mostly 2-dimensional and most conflicts that arise are either brought about by somebody being collossally stupid, or they are so over-the-top that it's too hard to even accept the premise. But mostly, the problem is the two main characters; one is a Loser writ large, just naturally bad at everything and so unlucky that everything goes wrong even when it is not his fault. The other is the arrogant, self-centered, aggressively anti-authority bully that constantly gets other people in trouble, doesn't care, and never gets any blowback. Neither of these archetypes are entertaining to watch, even in a cartoon. The writing and plotting are simply lazy; there's nothing new or clever here.Young kids should be OK with this show, but it does not put any effort into being original or inventive at all. Dumb show. I gave it 4 episodes.","rating":"1\/10","date":"24 October 2020"}
{"title":"underrated gem","review":"This show is great. At first aI didn't like the main characters, they are exactly the opposite of what a trek fan would like. But as every episode progresses they all make sense and the developments are so exciting. It feels more canon than the despicable Discovery. They both had the same basis (an unconventional color woman leader), but while STLD goes where no man has gone before, STD behaves like a sexually transitted desease","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 March 2021"}
{"title":"Great, authentic Star Trek at its core","review":"While a comedy that pokes fun at Star Trek, at its heart it's true Star Trek, unlike all the other recent CBS attempts.The only thing I don't like is that the violence is sometimes over the top, and there are occasional vulgar references.Overall, I completely agree with the film school rejects dot com October 3, 2020 article titled \"'Star Trek: Lower Decks' May Be a Cartoon Comedy, But it is 100% 'Trek'\", (if anyone wants to google it) :\"The cartoon series happily lampoons your favorite franchise but never betrays the soul of Gene Roddenberry ....\"Star Trek: Lower Decks tumbles gleefully into the preposterous, but at no point do you or your favorite franchise feel ridiculed. The series is a true blue Star Trek; it just sits on the shelf next to other genre-satirizing comedies like Galaxy Quest or Airplane! or Blazing Saddles. It's in on the joke, but more appreciably, it's in on the franchise love affair. It's a friend.\"","rating":"9\/10","date":"3 October 2020"}
{"title":"Give it a chance.","review":"Just concluded Season 1. The last episode was awesome! I'm a big fan of TNG DS9 VOY and I enjoyed this show a great deal. Recommended.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 October 2020"}
{"title":"Beam Me Up !","review":"After reading all the UNQUALIFIED reviews of Lower Decks by people who were not even born when Next Gen started, heres a REAL review of Lower Decks-Star Trek so needed Mariner and Boimler!After watching the first 9 episodes-\ni TREASURE each and every one,\nwhich have more great TREK jokes\nfor those of us smart enough to get them\nthan anything else ever!Q- need i say more???It also bring the original animated series into canon-\nEdosians and Caitians are now front and center.To make a long review short-\nIf you get it you get it- its for US!\nEvery one else can go watch some real housewives..EELS!","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 October 2020"}
{"title":"it's a fun show in space","review":"It's honestly more like rick and morty than star trek, which is good because i like rick and morty and i don't like star trek","rating":"9\/10","date":"7 October 2020"}
{"title":"A refreshingly nice change for an \"adult\" cartoon.","review":"It's an enjoyable watch. It's so nice to see an animated series, geared more towards adults, that has jokes that aren't rooted in extreme use of foul language or donr in just lazy writing. It seems lately that damn near every \"adult\" animated series has to shoot for, \"how much can we get away with and how foul can we make it\" in their writing and they've just been garbage, \"Hoops\" on Netflix is a great example of this.This show is fairly funny, is pretty well animated, and it's just an overall enjoyable show to pass a little time. It's a nice change from the lazily written junk that has been produced lately by other networks and I hope this gets picked up for a few more seasons to really flesh out the characters and expand\/create more story arcs.","rating":"9\/10","date":"4 October 2020"}
{"title":"If you don't like this, you don't like Star Trek","review":"The most Trek thing to come out of Trek since TNG. This guy gets Star Trek, unlike the producers of all the other shows since Voyager.","rating":"9\/10","date":"31 August 2021"}
{"title":"SURPRISINGLY GOOD WHILE NODDING TO TREK CANON THROUGHOUT","review":"It's a little cheesy yes. And sometimes I think the story lines go dead here and there but overall I think this new show has been incredible. I love the cheesy humor and the character building is solid.I also love that it seems to take place within TNG timeline. Ep 9 has been my favorite so far. The music score was giving nod to the score from ST 2 The Wrath of Kahn which really gave some good vibes. They constantly bring up Trek characters which maintains continuity within the Trek universe.I really hope they sign it back for another season and more. It's a a great variance from what we normally expect with a Trek show.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 October 2020"}
{"title":"Fun and different","review":"If you liked voyager episode the good Shepherd (6x20), you'd enjoy this series.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Very Creative & Hilarious","review":"I loved the characters and taking it to the \"lower decks\" of Star Trek.... watch Star Trek since beginning of \"time\" per say, I actually got quite a good sense of laughter out of this episode... really looking forward to more episodes... and hope to see more animations and throwbacks from generations past of Star Trek... to look below the Deck and say from the \"seriousness is a Big Game Changer \u00f0\u0178\u02dc\u201a\u00f0\u0178\u02dc\u201a","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 August 2020"}
{"title":"Littered with Easter Eggs","review":"Written by folks who grew up on Trek. Takes place after TNG and references all that came before it. Worth checking out and you'll probably want to tune in weekly.","rating":"10\/10","date":"4 September 2020"}
{"title":"The best TNG Star Trek show to date","review":"Don't listen to the people who leave hate spam in the reviews. This show is the closest thing that we've had to a Next Generation show since the Next Generation. Not only are the jokes relatable, but the plots and character arcs are believable too. Each episode it finds a new way to twist a regular sci-fi convention, and it makes sure to make them interesting and funny. I wouldn't recommend this to someone who's just started with the franchise, but those who are pretty familiar with Star Trek already: this is your show.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 September 2020"}
{"title":"Thanks for insulting us again","review":"Very silly and fast paced. Really makes me hurt when I know I'll never see Star Trek again. At least the bots give it 10\/10 , that must make them feel good.","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 August 2020"}
{"title":"Superfunny","review":"Very nice addition to the Star Trek universe. After the disappointments of the new movies and the Discovery series, this is a breath of fresh air to the franchise. I enjoyed every episode. The funny references to the series I had enjoyed as a kid (and still enjoy today) made me laugh every time, wanting to check out the episode they referenced to.It's a cartoon, and with cartoons a different style has to be applied. Partially I can understand the criticism I've read here, but as I said before, this is a cartoon, and in a cartoon most people expect this style of humor, especially after the success of Family Guy, for instance. Some Trekkies expect the style of the Animated Series, but I have to say that I find that series very, very dull. I'd rather have this style.One negative about this style (in addition to the new series Discovery and Picard), I'm not inclined to want to watch it more than three times. The series TOS, TNG, DS9, VOY and ENT I have watched over ten times, and sometimes I just pick an episode and watch it again. This series doesn't have that, therefore I wish to urge the people at Star Trek to revise it so that people would want to watch multiple times.Anyway, despite the negative point, this series is really funny and I'll keep watching, because of the fresh air it brings to the Star Trek universe.","rating":"8\/10","date":"13 September 2020"}
{"title":"Proof that we can have variety in star trek shows.","review":"I think to many \"fans\" of star trek value their nostalgia to highly. Lower Decks is a fantastic show which clearly demonstrates that the writes understand the star trek cannon and uses the weirder parts of the older shows to find humor.star trek fans have always laughed at the cliches and plot holes that we notice and Lower Decks is laughing with us.If you like the new harley quinn series then you will love Star Trek: Lower Decks.","rating":"9\/10","date":"30 August 2020"}
{"title":"Love it love it love it","review":"It's entertaining, it's funny, it's witty, it's just Perfect....Totally worth every single second","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 September 2020"}
{"title":"A wonderful alternate take on Star Trek","review":"I was raised on on Star Trek. I've met cast members, attended cons, and love this show.\nBeing normal and showing the comedic underbelly of the universe has its place.\nI, for one, love the show and think it's a great alternate take on the universe.\nNo, I've never seen Rick and Morty, believe it or not, so maybe that's my problem?","rating":"8\/10","date":"13 September 2020"}
{"title":"Ignore the negative reviews","review":"Most of the bad reviews are from salty Star Trek fans. This is a funny show plain and simple. It won't win awards for its story or comedy. It is however an enjoyable way to spend 22 minutes. As long as it's not taken too seriously and you don't think of it as cannon you'll enjoy it.","rating":"9\/10","date":"25 September 2020"}
{"title":"Great fun!","review":"As a life long, die hard Trek fan, I can honestly say that Lower Decks is stupid, really really stupid...and I love it!\nThis has clearly done by \"real\" Trek fans as some of the references are so obscure that even I struggled once or twice.\nHonestly, don't listen to those that fear change, watch this thing!!","rating":"8\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"I liked the concept, execution not so much.","review":"Felt like I just watched an episode of Final Space. Im assuming they have used the same animators, producers etc. Was SO similar.Anyway - good concept. Id happily watch a Star Trek live character (however that is meant to be said) version.Unfortunately I didnt find this funny and barely entertaining. Hope the next couple of episodes get a lot better. Fingers crossed.","rating":"4\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Great Fun","review":"A good few genuine laugh out loud moments. You'll be missing out if you listen to the hate so try not to. Well worth a watch.","rating":"9\/10","date":"29 January 2021"}
{"title":"Easily a 8+","review":"Obvisouly i gave it a 10 because it deserves at least an 8. Good fun, pls keep it up :-)","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"The best of the New Treks Must watch for everyone","review":"Have you ever wondered what a trek comedy would look like without it being a parody that's Lower Decks. It's hilarious, action is amazing, characters are all hilarious in their own way.Unlike the Orville which is hit or miss on jokes. Every joke is calculated, well done, and it's full of Trek Easter eggs.This is the perfect show to get your 11-14 year old into Trek if they currently aren't. The more trek you know the funnier the jokes are and that works well with everyone perfect for older kids and adults to watch together.I love this show and I can't rave enough about it. Most shows are predictable and just plan boring. I wasn't expecting much when I started watching then I got hooked to the point where I love this more than Discovery, Picard and most of the older treks.","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"Pretty good","review":"The humour is light and grows on you throughout the series while the clear appreciation for Trek lore from all the generations feels genuine. Yes it's playful and irreverent and absolutely makes fun of the franchise however it does so from a place of love. The characters might take a few episodes to grow on you, they felt slightly too silly at first, but actually are all very likeable and this ended up feeling more \"Star Trek\" than a lot of other recent attempts. Taking a comedic approach may upset some (although it's hardly more ridiculous than it's live-action predecessors) and humour being so personal may not appeal to all but give it a chance and you'll see it has genuine heart. The quality of animation and voice acting is superb and while I didn't always laugh out loud I rarely stopped smiling.","rating":"8\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Easily a 9+ show","review":"Super fun and refreshing take on Star Trek, I loved it! No idea why it has such a low rating, to me easily one of the best cartoons and 9+.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Light-hearted, funny and great!","review":"Do not be fooled by its low rating here. It's not mind blowing but it's good show. My only complaint is that the TNG refences and Picard name-drops are bit much.","rating":"8\/10","date":"7 January 2021"}
{"title":"Another terrible show brought to you by CBS Trek","review":"Yep, this is just another terrible show by CBS, it may have Star Trek in the title but I don't see any Star Trek in the show.Like most CBS Trek shows, this too lacks the charm, depth and heart of the originals. I'm not 100% sure who the audience is? It seems kinda aimed at kids but has cursing in it.If you're very curious about watching this I highly suggest stealing it, and not giving CBS a cent for pumping out more garbage like this. Gene would be gutted to see this.The voice actors do a good job with what they have to work with, so no offense to them for their involvement. The writers though, definitely shouldn't be proud of this tripe.","rating":"3\/10","date":"29 August 2020"}
{"title":"Headline ? Enjoyable at first, the last episode made my cry.","review":"Star Trek Animation:The first episodes were good. After that some strange episodes, but i guess because i was in a good mood those days, i still liked them.The last episode though...WOW...just getting to know all these characters throughout the series, and the way they build up this first season,\nI have to be honest, i cried when watching the last episode. I am actually still emotional now hours later while writing this review.This is what i want when i want to see Star Trek. These type of adventures.And the great thing about this series, is that this animated crew can go where no one has gone before, and explore and experience what no other human being has done before.Why not a 10 ? Series can never be a 10 in my book. There are always 1 or 2 episodes that are a little bit off, but that's ok. No ones life is a 10.","rating":"9\/10","date":"22 August 2021"}
{"title":"Can only recommend the show","review":"As a fan of the original Star Trek series and of most of its spinoffs, I still like the humor and unorthodox views Mariner brings into the Star Fleet. I can't wait for season 2!","rating":"9\/10","date":"10 February 2021"}
{"title":"Think it's a brilliant day","review":"It like the Oval but in Star Trek Not sign Star Trek not good but Star Trek Voyager Star Trek Next Generation everyone it all weighed proper well Star Trek lower deck it like if we got the technology now but the people didn't involve either Much more funny and relatable","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"Silly, nostalgic, exciting.","review":"Lower Decks is like TNG fan-fiction - but in a good way. Your snarky mate who picks holes in Trek has had the kibosh (Kobayashi Maru?) put on them, as this is clearly written in a self-aware, ironic vein. As well as being very silly at times.As we know, the show not only follows the antics of the crew manning the \"lower decks\" rather than the bridge, but also follows \"second contact\" missions. This is not only ripe for for comedy, but allows for endless revisiting and further examination of previous entries' weekly-discarded plotlines and races.Despite this \"canon fodder\" (I thank you) inherently \"going boldly where everyone has already gone before,\" it still serves up enough controversy to leave people chuckling... or just taking angrily to YouTube.But forget the cabal of Comic-Book-Guy Trek \"fans\" who get their kicks out of panning anything different; my recommendation is to instead enjoy the refreshing new turns the franchise is taking.Lower Decks is not afraid to poke fun at the franchise's tropes and shortcomings -- but in a clearly fond and familiar manner. For fans of all TNG and TOS-era trek, there is a wealth of Easter eggs to warm the nacelles.It's not perfect, but it's a really fine first season, with a lot of excitement thrown in (particularly in the finale). Moreover, in ten, 20-minute episodes, I feel like I know the crew better than that of, say, Discovery, already.I don't know what's happening regarding its late international release, however. Get your act together, CBS!","rating":"8\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"This show is hilarious.","review":"This was hilarious. Every episode is funnier than the next. I had low expectations... This was a pleasant surprise. Love it. Love it. Love it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"At its heart this is pure Trek","review":"As a 50+ fan of Trek I sat down to watch episode 1 tonight with an open mind - now about 5 hrs later I've seen all 10 episodes which is something I rarely do but the show sucked me in.The humour did not always land but as the episodes wore on you realise that the core characters (and the show creators) get what it means to be in starfleet and stand up for the values at its centre.I am looking forwards to hopefully many more seasons.For context I still think DS9 was the best to date, thoroughly enjoyed Picard, and Discovery didn't grab me but will be giving it another go.","rating":"9\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"Who are they writing for?","review":"This is such an unsettling, unsatisfying show. The acting is so over the top, and the humor is so weirdly PG-13, I honestly can't figure out who it's supposed to appeal to. I was hoping it would be funny in a Bob's Burgers vein - silly and smart scripts with great comic actors. But this feels like a Nickelodeon show from the 90s minus the laugh track. It references Star Trek but feels like a weird Star Trek rip-off. I was really looking forward to a funny Star Trek show. Unfortunately this isn't it. I gave it three stars only because they clearly know their Star Trek.","rating":"3\/10","date":"1 October 2020"}
{"title":"Awesome","review":"I think the season was awesome!\nThe season finale was, to me, one of the most exciting episodes of Star Trek I have ever seen, and I've seen every episode more than once.","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"Unexpectedly good","review":"I'd seen this on the CBS app and ignored it for the longest time. After finally watching out of boredom on day I was pleasantly surprised.Yes, it's an animated show, but it's more Star Trek than the abysmally woke Discovery.The addition of the USS Titan, Captain Riker and Counselor Troi was a great surprise. Looking forward to season 2.","rating":"9\/10","date":"10 December 2020"}
{"title":"Fantastic.","review":"I didn't really have any expectations for this show- but it's fantastic. A lot like Futurama, but with absolute permission to use anything and everything Star Trek branded. It's funny, it's clever, it's diverse, and it's nostalgic. I'm really happy that someone realised Star Trek has historically been a fun show despite tackling more serious topics, and not every modern reboot needs to be unwatchably gritty, because this show is brilliant. My only real complaint about it is that the episodes feel like everyone is talking at double speed- as if they wrote a few too many pages of dialogue and everyone has to talk really fast to get through it in the allocated number of episode minutes. This makes it extremely difficult for me to follow, and I can only imagine people with auditory processing issues are going to miss the vast majority of the dialogue. I'd love to see, in season 2, a few pages cut from the script so that the actors can be directed to take just a mite longer to read their lines and it doesn't feel so rushed!","rating":"10\/10","date":"12 January 2021"}
{"title":"Star Trek meets sitcom","review":"Lower Decks is exactly the take on Star Trek that we need right now. For as much as Roddenberry imagined a utopian universe without interpersonal conflict where everyone plays chess and listened to chamber music, it's foolish to think that there aren't groups like this on every starship - bumming from task to task and just trying to get through the mission and on to the next fun activity with their friends. Ten enthusiastic stars","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"I love this cartoon tv show","review":"This is super nerdy, intelligent and sexy at the same time. I just loved it!Also, clearly knows Star Trek history, but still funny for newbies, as it assumes zero prior knowledge.","rating":"9\/10","date":"25 January 2021"}
{"title":"Love it","review":"Wow so much damn hate on here for this show. I like it it's good, you people need to calm down maybe smoke a bowl and try laughing for once! Lol geez","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 September 2020"}
{"title":"It's supposed to be a comedy, right?","review":"This is a show for kids who grew up with the \"slime\" shows on Nickelodeon and thought the shows were real life. It's not funny, not Star Trek, not logical just.......not. Stars Wars has animation that tells stories and often there are funny parts. Lowest Decks is just like that except there are no funny parts or stories that make sense. Just dialogue that is accelerated so fast it's almost indecipherable.","rating":"2\/10","date":"28 August 2020"}
{"title":"Best Star Trek in more than 10 years - Bring us back to the golden years....","review":"Star Trek Lower Decks contrary to all of the Star Trek shows and movies from the last ten years is not dark and bring us back to the great Star Trek shows and movies from the 1990s and early 2000s. This is a great show where Star Fleet is still about discovery and is still about hope for the future! This is a great show, that's funny as well and I hope we have many more seasons...","rating":"9\/10","date":"6 September 2020"}
{"title":"A Fun Addition to the Trek Family","review":"I wasn't sure about this show when it was first announced and previewed, but the first episode had me hooked. The pace is different from what we're used to, but you adapt quickly. I see a lot of the goofs and jokes I make with my friends about the Trek universe in these characters, which is a fun change from all the seriousness of standard Trek.It might not be for everyone, but the good news is that there is so much Star Trek that you can just move along and go watch the series you like without pitching a fit about the ones you don't want to watch.","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 September 2020"}
{"title":"I'm confused by the other reviews","review":"It's a really great show. Doesn't take its self to seriously. It's funny and enjoyable. Stays true to Trek. Don't know what these babies are wining about.","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 September 2020"}
{"title":"Pretty good so far","review":"I think the the first two shows were enjoyable. What really makes me happy is the Trek fanboys crying about how this show doesn't live up to Star Trek ideology. Keep whining Trekers. I drink your tears down with Romulan ale and gagh.","rating":"8\/10","date":"14 August 2020"}
{"title":"Surprisingly funny","review":"This series has some really cool characters and a strange kind of Humor, i love it.\nI can unterstand why many Star trek fans are upset, its the exact opposite of the original Series.","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 September 2020"}
{"title":"No bad","review":"It is funny,although there are places that are boring sometimes, i like it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 August 2020"}
{"title":"When a comedy just isn't funny","review":"I don't get it, are there supposed to be jokes in this show?I didn't laugh once, didn't even crack a smile. It's a random space cartoon comedy that just co-opted the \"Star Trek\" brand to lend itself some credibility.This isn't the slightest bit funny. Poor writing, poor jokes. Skip it.","rating":"1\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"Finding its way","review":"The series is still finding its way as it attempts to bring over-the-top humor to the Star Trek franchise. I expect that some won't appreciate the tone and characters. I understand that. I find Mariner to be jarring at times. But I also think that Star Trek could use something a bit different, which is what \"Lower Decks\" is.The franchise had a great run in the 1980s and 1990s but ran out of steam in the mid 2000s. The fanbase showed they weren't as interested, because they weren't tuning in to the shows. The \"Kelvin\" big-budget movies revived the franchise, but some long-time fans didn't think that was real Star Trek. \"Discovery\" and \"Picard\" have brought Star Trek back to the small screen (streaming instead of broadcast or cable syndication). I like those shows but they can be more violent and intense than previous ST series.This is where \"Lower Decks\" comes in. Modern Star Trek is proving to be a very serious place with Discovery and Picard. But pop culture franchises need some humor to maintain their popularity. Look at the Star Wars franchise (Yoda, Ewoks) or the James Bond movie series (the earlier versions of Q and Moneypenny, the henchman Jaws). Lower Decks brings the humor in a big way. Is it always successful? Not quite. But now that I'm getting used to the format, it's growing on me, after just a couple episodes.Even if this series isn't really a science fiction series, it should still deliver good stories with memorable characters. It's starting to do that. Mariner is a flawed character but she's definitely memorable. And mostly entertaining. Sure, she's probably not the typical Starfleet crewmember but she's not supposed to be. She is very intelligent, resourceful and skilled. She's an excellent fighter too. I suspect that her character will be developed over the course of the series (however many seasons it lasts) so that she becomes less like Bart Simpson.Most of the Star Trek series include a character who is an outsider who brings a new perspective. Spock, Data, Odo, The Doctor. While Mariner is a human, as far as we know, she doesn't have the usual strait-laced Starfleet mindset. This allows the writers to poke at Star Trek convention and also comment on real-world work environments.Most of the episodes are frenetic and chaotic, but there's a story behind the action. Character exposition too. Each episode is 24-26 minutes, which doesn't allow for as much story development as previous ST series. But since the focus is mostly on just four characters, there's enough screen time to explore their personality quirks and components. (Other ST series had as many as 8 to 10 main\/recurring characters that were more than just background.)The fact that the series is animated should tell new viewers that this isn't supposed to be a typical Star Trek series. One look at the characters should tell you that this isn't supposed to be a dramatic series like the 1970s animated series was. Viewers shouldn't expect that sort of approach.Lower Decks might not appeal as much to non-Star Trek fans. At the same time, the parody and brash humor might turn off some long-time Star Trek fans. It's a fine line that the producers and writers will have to navigate. I've been a Star Trek fan since grade school. I haven't seen every episode of every series, but I've seen most of them.I wince at a couple lines and scenes of Lower Deck, but overall I'm growing to enjoy the series. I like the energy of the Mariner character, even if she can be immature at times. She's an animated character in a fictional comedy series. I'm OK that she doesn't live up to every requirement or ideal of a Starfleet officer. I'd hope that people would understand from the cartoony appearance of the characters that this isn't supposed to fit neatly into the overall Star Trek franchise. If you can make that work, then you might enjoy the show.","rating":"8\/10","date":"11 September 2020"}
{"title":"Who Asked for This?!","review":"I definitely consider myself an \"old school\" Trekkie, running home from school every day to catch the syndicated version of the original series, and I loved every other series that came out afterwards, even Enterprise (which is sorely underrated).Discovery took the series in a cool new direction that I absolutely love, and Picard was a phenomenal production, even though it made my stupid eyes leak every other episode. It was a really pleasant surprise when they announced there would be a Star Trek animated series, and I was looking forward to it.I chuckled at the first couple of episodes, and definitely saw it as a niche program. I don't think anyone who isn't into Star Trek to begin with will really be drawn to it in any way, but I could be wrong. However, I've come to a very sad conclusion:It sucks.I get that animation styles are different now, and maybe this was going for more of a \"Rick and Morty\" look instead of \"Gravity Falls\" one, but it still looks like it was intended for small children. That's a problem I have with most animated series nowadays, and is probably just a sign of my age.I really wish they had looked to other successful animated series like \"Archer\", or even some anime studios for inspiration. Your typical Adult Swim lineup is far more engaging and hilarious than anything I've seen come out of this series so far, and that's a real shame considering the brand they are working with.The humor is juvenile and completely out of place for any Star Trek series. They could have done so much more with this, it's heartbreaking. The characters are ridiculous, as are situations that pass for the plot of each episode so far. Easy to see this was just churned out at the lowest price possible by the studio.The biggest travesty is the fact that the TNG episode \"The Lower Decks\" was a brilliant perspective into the lives of junior officers on board Starfleet vessels. It had a heart wrenching ending, and is up there with some of the best episodes that series produced. Why would they crap all over it like this?I get this was supposed to be a comedy, and I welcomed that. But none of it is funny. The most I could muster was a slight chuckle at references to obscure Trek lore in a few of the episodes, but that was it. They really dropped the ball here, this could have been so much better.","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 September 2020"}
{"title":"I like it","review":"Idk what other people were expecting, I didn't expect anything. I just wanted something to watch without having to be emotionally invested.So far, I like it.","rating":"8\/10","date":"19 September 2020"}
{"title":"Don't take it so seriously","review":"The show is supposed to be funny and I think it is. It was created for the big trekkies, not for casual viewers and it just serves really good.","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 October 2020"}
{"title":"Why the f(Bleep)k is Lower Decks censored on DVD.","review":"Love Star Trek Lower Decks. The show is a bit hyper at first but has improved a lot. It's sci fi comedy with action that doesn't take itself too seriously.It definitely p(bleep)s all over Star Trek: Discovery which I find to be a complete emotional wreck, even when I tried to give that show four chances (4 seasons) to improve.Also Star Trek: Picard first season wasn't that great, the second season is a big improvement but waiting on how the third season will turn out but even so, I find that Star Trek: Lower Decks is better than Disco and Pic any day.As for lower decks, I do understand on why all the swear words, are all censored on the streaming networks, even if it is an adult cartoon and not so much for children 13 years and under, that the censoring was done for comedy reasons and not a CBS decision and why have the characters swear at all just to censor them? To make it funny without offending anyone? But why on DVD?I am not (bleep) (bleep) (bleep) (bleep) (bleep) happy about that.P. S. I feel better now I've got this out of my system. \u00f0\u0178\u00a4\u00a3","rating":"10\/10","date":"3 November 2022"}
{"title":"Most honest Star Trek","review":"I love this show! I get it it's a comedy from Star Trek universe but same time it's most honest. I dont believe that people in 200 years would be any different then they are today so this lower decks story is real, rela story of real people even they are cartoones. So much fun!","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 October 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek: Lower Expectations","review":"Rick and Morty meets Futurama wrapped in Star Trek with none of the humor or charm. I watched the first episode 3 times. On no occasion did I even smirk. The humor is absolute trash.None of the characters are endearing whatsoever, the ship looks ridiculous by star fleet standards but I guess that was the point. On paper this should work but in excecution they failed big time. Should have gotten the lads who made the venture bros to do this, both for the story telling \/ humor but also the animation.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"I loved it, it's very fun!","review":"Kinda like Final Space meets Star Trek.\nDidn't watch the old ST series but have watched some movies and the latest 2 series so I know what is star trek.this is not star trek but just a fun and kinda funny show.\nIf you liked Rick and Morty, Final Space, Futurama etc... you'll really enjoy this.It does seem to suffer some review bombing, but even then 8.5 is the score I give it.\nI won't give it 10 just to try and offset the low reviewers.","rating":"8\/10","date":"14 September 2020"}
{"title":"Whole family loves this show","review":"This show is amazing! It's a more realistic Star Trek, with all of the fun and real conversations of the Orville, in a Star Trek world. The animation is all rick and morty, but it's all ST fun. There are tons of easter eggs and references to the entire Star Trek franchise scattered through, and all of the cast is fantastic. I can't wait for Season 2!!","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 October 2020"}
{"title":"What a fun show. Love it.","review":"Its not the ST that I grew up with but its so fresh and funny. Lots of throw backs to the trek series and a star wars ref was in it as well. Can't wait till season 2 is aired. If your a fan of Rick and Moray I think this will be for you. Its actually really good.","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 October 2020"}
{"title":"Criminally under-rated","review":"Look, this isn't the greatest Star Trek ever, and I understand what other people are saying about the comedy not really landing for kids or adults. But look, for years CBS has given us the absolute garbage (Picard and Discovery) that reflects absolutely none of Gene Roddenberry's vision.Lower Deck's is the closest we have gotten to Star Trek since Enterprise ended. It portrays a family, a crew, working together (not against each other) to overcome challenges and save the day. It may not have the philosophical dialog of TNG or the writing of DS9 & Voyager, but it is the federation, flawed maybe, but positive. It shows humanity working together and is an optimistic, if not strange, view of the future.I probably rate this a 8\/10 overall, it is not perfect, but these scores are criminally low, and I want CBS to know they finally took a step in the right direction with this one.","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 September 2020"}
{"title":"Its fun","review":"This show makes better star trek than discovery with 1\/1000000000000 budget.\nIts just fun.","rating":"8\/10","date":"2 September 2020"}
{"title":"Feels more Trek than DISCO or PIC","review":"This show feels more Trek than Discovery or Picard. It gives back the sweet taste of family from Next Gen and DS9 while functioning as a joke about Trek overall. Great writing and good stories.\nPeople who wrote a bad review only after the first episode can really eat my ass. You are a disgrace to Star Fleet. This is a show which has to develop. Not another piece of worn out Rick and Morty or whatever you were expecting.","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 September 2020"}
{"title":"Old\/New But Rushed Editing!","review":"This show does somethings right and somethings wrong. It covers a lot of bases that will attract the younger generation to Star Trek at the expense of losing the older fans, (which I believe was intentional because $$$). The more obvious downside being that it feels VERY fast paced. They wanted 40 minutes but they only got 20. Like Gilmore Girls, the dialogue\/story is very noticeably rushed and you can tell that they hit the FF button when editing. Even kids with ADD will think this is a bit manic...","rating":"1\/10","date":"21 August 2020"}
{"title":"Genuing star trek","review":"Loved it even from the opening credits. Waiting for more seasons. Wonder how it would be if it was a live action series.","rating":"8\/10","date":"23 August 2021"}
{"title":"absolutely blew me away","review":"By far the best of the new trek shows. Pays loving respect to huge swathes of trek history going back to tos while still being funny and full of genuine charm. I was skeptical but i ended up being shocked at how good it is and how much im looking forward to more of it.","rating":"8\/10","date":"3 June 2021"}
{"title":"did not expect it to be so good!!","review":"Just watched the whole series. first one or two episodes were ok ish. but after that oh boy...this series has everything from star trek with lot of humor. I am not sure who are these people giving this series bad review but I am sure they have no sense of humor. if you are not sure just watch it and judge it for yourself.","rating":"9\/10","date":"21 February 2021"}
{"title":"Enjoyed it!","review":"I loved the call backs to previous shows. especially Ricker's Enterprise reference. I wish there were more episodes! I cannot wait for season 2!","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 October 2020"}
{"title":"Refreshing","review":"Yes it's edgy... yes it's targeted to a much younger demographic... but what a breadth of fresh air! It's what The Orville strives to be. Guess the animation based format somehow allows it to make that full shift to irreverently funny while still rooted in the Star Trek Universe.I decided to finally watch it after having it dismissed it as another sad attempt at trying to symphony more fuel out of the Warp Core Reactor and afternoon being completely disappointed with the incongruity of \"Picard\"! What a worthless hot mess that was. But Lower Decks is the perfect episodic series that is charmingly funny and the perfect guilty pleasure that doesn't take itself too serious. Hell it gravitates closet to cannon than anything Picard or Discivery could provide... LOVE IT!","rating":"9\/10","date":"2 October 2020"}
{"title":"Rick & morty?more like opposite of doraemon & nobita.","review":"One is like opposite doraemon who .. yes, comes to the rescue but also the one ruins it in the first place. The later is opposite nobita, work hard to accomplish something. Totally enjoying it, can't wait for more episodes. Thank God no shocking moment, death like rick morty. Don't mess up my mind like rick morty, let me watch cartoon & enjoy star trek going crazy once in a while instead of the nerdy clean serious star treks. You people need cameos from picard, wheaton & any surviving star trek crews.","rating":"9\/10","date":"17 August 2020"}
{"title":"Hot garbage","review":"Very disappointing. Nothing like star trek at all.","rating":"1\/10","date":"9 April 2021"}
{"title":"What is going on here??","review":"I think I just realized how Trekkie community is toxic by seeing the reviews to this series. What is wrong with all the people here saying a bunch of terrible stuff about this series (most of it btw seems to be copy and paste comments from some Trekkie blog or something like that).I only watched the first two episodes and I already think this show is very cool!! It is a cool new take on Star Trek! Gives the franchise a whole new perspective and does it so well! Also I really don't get people saying the jokes are not funny. Most of the time I found it enjoyable to watch at least and I was genuinely laughing out loud in the second episode! It is certainly not a show for kids and it uses the lore well to deliver funny and interesting lines from a comedy show point of view. Its a special delight to watch if you are some some sort of weird fundamentalist fan.Don't let these weirdos here fool you with their belief that they are the guardians of Trekkie Lore! This show is great and its worth watching for sure! I hope they keep it coming for many more seasons!","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 September 2020"}
{"title":"You'll love this show unless you don't know enough Trek to get the in-jokes.","review":"If you won't recognize the Kirk reference when a character uses unnecessary tumbling to evade a phaser blast, the Riker reference when a character cockily puts one foot up on a rock and leans forward in a way that screams ego, or the Scotty reference when a character says the job is going to take 4 hours when he knows it will only take two then you're probably going to find this show stupid, lame and pointless.\nIf you've watched and rewatched multiple Star Trek series and laugh at memes that your non-trekker friends don't understand then you should love this show. Every episode is filled with Easter eggs and in-jokes. We even have Star Trek the Animated Series references.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 September 2020"}
{"title":"Give it a try!","review":"It's silly, it's fun, and yet still stays true to Star Trek! Loving it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"10 September 2020"}
{"title":"It's pretty good in my opinion...","review":"I really like this show sow far! I think it's fun to watch and I like the humor. Very different from the other star trek series\/movies but I don't mind. It's better than star trek picard...","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 September 2020"}
{"title":"A fun show having fun","review":"The jokes are quick and the love of the franchise is sincere. The voice acting's fantastic. The gentle jabs at traditional Trek tropes a great joy.","rating":"9\/10","date":"11 September 2020"}
{"title":"Not nearly as bad as harcore fans say","review":"I am enjoying Lower Decks very much. It is very silly and still some things make it feel very \"star trecky\". Might be that it is set during The Next Generation which I absolutely adored as a kid. I am rating it one point higher than I would to negate some overly destructive reviews.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 September 2020"}
{"title":"A unfunny Rick and Morty copy","review":"Visually the show would be great, and especially the backgrounds and ships feel very much TNG era Star Trek. But it doesn't matter if there isn't an engaging story or likable characters to latch onto.Apparently McMahan doesn't know how to write a show that is not Rick and Morty. Worse he apparently wasn't the one doing the jokes as this is entirely unfunny.The pacing is way too fast. Everyone talks at warpspeed and apparently they hope that is enough to make us laugh. Problem is they don't actually talk about anything funny or insightful.This is neither a parody of star trek nor actual star trek. It's just a bunch of reject b-plots from Rick and Morty sprinkled in with references to star trek.","rating":"3\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"Hilarious","review":"I absolutely love what they're doing with Lower Decks. People talked about how they hate the new series (Discovery and Picard) and the new movies, and The Orville was a better Trek than Trek, but still whine about how Lower Decks isn't \"real Trek.\" Let's be honest, you so-called fans just want the same tired old formulas every series - same types of characters, on a ship, and a repeat of the same old drivel with monster and problem of the week.LD is a fresh new take on the old Trek we love. It's hilarious, well animated, and loads of fun. Trek is done with monster of the week. We're done with time travel episodes, body swap, alien infestation, stuck on a primitive planet, alien pregnancy, mind invasion, evil clone, mirror universe, and all the same drivel. It's time for Trek to do some modern story telling. It's time to be funny.","rating":"10\/10","date":"27 August 2020"}
{"title":"Why all the haters?","review":"Not really sure why so many bad reviews for this show, it is funny and fun.\nHating on an amazing cartoon series seems like something someone without goodness in their heart would be capable of in excess.\nI am excited for a second season before the first is finished 9\/10 ;)","rating":"9\/10","date":"1 October 2020"}
{"title":"Just want to balance the score","review":"Look this show is good easily enjoyable fun, it doesn't knock it out of the park, but if you just give it a shot you'll have a couple laughs and enjoy the ride.","rating":"10\/10","date":"11 September 2020"}
{"title":"Great stuff","review":"God i hate Trek \"fans\". This show is amazing. I'm a lifelong trekker and I can't tell you how many laughs I've had watching Lower Decks. It's funny with plenty of references to satiate the want for em. It doesn't take itself too seriously, and it shouldn't. It wasn't meant to be a follow up to any current or past series. It was made to be funny, and at least for me, it achieved that goal. Even my non trekker friends think it's funny. I plan to keep watching for the foreseeable future. I don't know who all these \"fans\" are taking a dig at this and every Trek item since TNG ended but they should probably just stick to TNG since nothing else seems to be good enough for them.","rating":"9\/10","date":"11 September 2020"}
{"title":"I'm a NERD...","review":"Some say \"the older you are, the more you like this series\".But as a 24-year old *NERD*, I'm a hardcore star trek fan.I love this mix of action, comedy and adventure with some real scientific theories.","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 May 2021"}
{"title":"Unfunny woke trash","review":"Unfunny woke trash Awful crap.Simply unwatchable.","rating":"4\/10","date":"6 April 2021"}
{"title":"Great comedic take on an often to dry series!","review":"This show is a great take on the beloved star trek I was raised on. Sure it's not delivered in the same way but instead we get a refreshing change of pace with Mariner and her friends doing just about everything wrong except when it really matters. Do I enjoy it as much as the most beloved episodes from previous seasons? No! That can be said about any long running show. Some of the episodes I was raised on sucked others where ok and some where great. Lower decks is great comedic take on an often way to dry series!","rating":"10\/10","date":"26 September 2020"}
{"title":"Star trek meets Rick and Morty","review":"Irreverent humor, damaged individuals, corny jokes and quality animation all in the canon star trek universe? This is AMAZING! There are also lots of references to previous star trek shows. I absolutely cannot wait to see more.","rating":"10\/10","date":"14 August 2020"}
{"title":"easy fun","review":"The thing with the things is that things must change something, and thats the thing. But, seriously, the cartoons are funny. Again, i have seen all treks. There is not insult to the past shows. Everyone is a klingon now?","rating":"8\/10","date":"11 September 2020"}
{"title":"Trekkie Love","review":"Such a funny show and great writing! I love the spoofing and the references to Star Trek lore.","rating":"10\/10","date":"22 September 2020"}
{"title":"The Show like Gravity Falls but for Adult Audience","review":"Im not a fans of Star Trek, but this comedic toon sitcom make a storyline easy to non-fans to follow like me. I had a good chuckle in every episode.Even though the plot seem like a cliche, its a guilty pleasure one. The Series like a Pop Corn Movie, just relax enjoy the scene shown on its.Why i said this Series like Gravity Falls because, it look like same plot as that series, just in Star Trek Ways. It begin with Normal Day then suddenly came up with a terrible moment, make everybody in the series turn chaotic and fights with the circumstances, in the Climax suddenly they get a Problem Solver like the team up and beat those Problematic Things. In the end of the Episodes they'll Save The Day.100% Watchable Series, try it, you'll be enjoy it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"9 February 2021"}
{"title":"Could have been really good but..","review":"Ensign mariner is too dam annoying and needs to turn it down. Otherwise decent","rating":"10\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"For the love of all that is good....","review":"Please remove Kurtzman! He's ruined ST for decades to come. It might even be too late. What a horrible show. Assuming kids will watch this, what message are you sending kids that it's ok to complain about working a regular schedule without lying and inflating work time? This is not ok and not a show I'd let my children watch. Cheap and dated writing. What is this? Who asked for this? Who actually likes this show?","rating":"1\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"Saw a review here that said 'who is this show made for?'","review":"It's for people who a) like irreverent humour, b) think Star Trek is awesome and c) aren't neck beard gatekeepers who think they can decide from their armchair what Star Trek Is and Is Not.And guess what? We outnumber you.","rating":"8\/10","date":"4 April 2021"}
{"title":"Not for everyone, but that's ok","review":"If you are a fan of Star Trek and you have ever enjoyed Terry Prattchet books you'll like this one.Some jokes are obvious some are witty, but it has managed to hook both me (a hard trekkie) and my gf (hasn't watched much trek at all, not her style)I find it fun and refreshing.","rating":"8\/10","date":"10 September 2020"}
{"title":"The Xer's and boomers are at it again....","review":"\"oh nooo they spoiled a show I liked when I was a kid\" as for any sipnoff, reboot or sequel of anything from around the 80's: Thunddercats, Ghost busters, Star Wars and so on the Xers and boomers are crying about how it is an insult to the original material. No it's not, it just doesn't make you feel like it did when you were five. And you're not five anymore.And stop speaking for the death all right? Who knows what Rodenberry would have thought of this. But for the time he was alive, there always was some silliness in ST, a light side.And the jokes and the humour is fun, at least it is derived ffrom the plot, not like the humor of Mcfarlane. However to his credit there was probably some inspiration in ST Lower Decks in the based on The Orville, just the idea of a silly Star Trek. There was also probably some inspiration in Final Space, I personnally didn't like Final Space, I don't think they manage to find the right spot between random jokes and absurd jokes.Anyway I'm having a lot of fun watching STLD, with all the references.As with all the latest ST shows I find it incredible that so many people are just whining about how it's not Next Gen. Like seriously? Can you imagine having a Sci-fi show like Discovery, Picard in 1990? You would have been on your ass. We are very lucky to live in an era that can produce such high quality sci-fi, visually and story wise. But no the only thing you can think about is how it doesn't make you feel like when you were five. And in that regard a lot of you sound exactly like if you were five.","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 September 2020"}
{"title":"For True Trekkies","review":"Rarely do I take the time to write a review. But I couldn't resist on this one. This show is hilarious. Packed with Star Trek references from TOS to Next Generation Movies. I can't wait for the next season.","rating":"10\/10","date":"6 April 2021"}
{"title":"Kind of sad to see this review bombed","review":"Just look at the votes, over 1\/6th have given this a 1. And if you look at demographics it's unsurprisingly men that have given lower votes.\nAnd why? This is far better than Discovery or Picard. This is clearly a response to Seth MacFarlane's \"The Orville\". So what is it people dislike about this series?I can't say this is the best thing I've ever watched personally, but it's not >BAD<, it's at most mediocre, and in fact, I had a hard time stop binging this making it an above average production. The worst I can say is how \"hectic\" it is, like, they purposefully don't leave in pauses between people talking or scenes. Definitely a product of its day, but it's quite stressing.","rating":"8\/10","date":"9 September 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek purists need to calm down.","review":"If you do not like the show, do not watch it. Just remember, your taste does not reflect the taste of other people. I very much enjoyed this show and hope there are more.","rating":"10\/10","date":"8 October 2020"}
{"title":"One less junk to worry about and have to pay extra","review":"Didn't even make it to the end of the trailer. Worthless junk destroying the name of ST. For undiscerning adolescents only. Hard pass.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Relax people, enjoy the lighter side.","review":"Wow... So much negativity here. I've enjoyed every series of Trek, and this is no exception. Definately an \"in-your-face\" departure, but welcomed as an almost satirical break from the mainstream Trek. It's a cartoon, so if you're expecting grit and a deep connection to the Trek universe, don't watch cartoons. Maybe someday a more serious anime iteration? Who knows. But for now, keep this coming and don't change a thing.","rating":"10\/10","date":"2 September 2020"}
{"title":"It's funny","review":"This is amusing stuff. You don't need to be a ST geek to enjoy it, but it will help with getting the most out of it.Gawd, Star Trek fans are humourless based on reviews here!.Never forget that Star Trek\/Wars\/BSG\/Farscape etc. are second tier sci-fi and not on a level with written sci-fi (and I exclude novelisations of the above) or adventurous and clever film\/tv like Arrival, Raised by Wolves, Dark, Legion, Westworld, Annihilation (read the books) etc etc.","rating":"9\/10","date":"27 September 2020"}
{"title":"This show is crap","review":"Lower Decks has zero respect for what Roddenberry envisioned for our future. It is disrespectful and has no respect for Robbenberry's vision of our future. It's not funny. It is just disrespectful. End of line.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 September 2020"}
{"title":"Keeps getting better and better","review":"8 episodes in now and I'm convinced you'd have to be willfully dead-set on hating this series to not give it a chance. TNG will always be my favorite Trek and indeed y favorite series of all time but Lower Decks works for what it aims to be -- a fun little show set in the Trek universe and more specifically the post-TNG era. Unlike Discovery and Picard, this was definitely made with people like me in mind who grew up on TNG\/DS9\/VOY and just clearly wants to take us back to more fun and comfy times. Still some things to tweak here and there (episode 6 was a complete dud for me), but a strong showing nonetheless.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 September 2020"}
{"title":"Light and amusing - a breath of fresh air","review":"I should preface this by saying I'm an old-school Trekkie. I generally prefer the philosophy, moral plays and thoughtfulness of older series, and as someone who broadly hasn't enjoyed much of the Kurtzman era Trek, I had low hopes for a new animated series.But Lower Decks is a breath of fresh air. It's light and engaging, and often laugh-out-loud funny. Set in the TNG era, the 90s Trek aesthetic is on full display, and it's a joy. You can tell the producers *love* that era and are steeped in its looks and lore. It is packed with references and easter eggs for the fans, but it's never disparaging or mocking of the material. It is clearly reverential of what came before. I find that respect for classic Trek very appealing. My only criticism is that characters can sometimes speak too quickly, but that seems to be improving as the series progresses.Don't expect it to be life-changing, or that it will say anytihng profound. It's not meant to be a serious Trek series but just in animated form. Do expect it to be light relief set within a familiar and comforting universe you know and love.There is definitely space in the Trek universe for this, and it's a fine addition. Unlike Discovery or Picard, I come away from an episode of Lower Decks feeling *good*, and thinking I might rewatch it. That's something I haven't been able to say about Star Trek for a very long time.","rating":"8\/10","date":"24 September 2020"}
{"title":"Surprisingly i liked it","review":"Dont get me wrong, it is not perfect, but it is an ok show ....the humor needs some improvement but other than that, the animation is ok, the characters are likable ....yeah...give it a shot.","rating":"9\/10","date":"12 June 2021"}
{"title":"Cheap jokes from talentless producers","review":"Star Trek where: Nichelle Nichols, who played Uhura wanted to quit, but encourage to continue on by Martin Luther King Jr. A legacy that has tried to speak to social injustices and hope for a better humanity. Now this pile of junk that panders to low-brow humor.Sorry but Orville understands how to make this universe funny, but yet still celebrate what humanity can be. This show just takes an amazing universe of hope and totally trashes it with childish humor!","rating":"2\/10","date":"2 September 2020"}
{"title":"This is good!","review":"No idea why this hasn't scored higher. Great show for all star trek fans with nods to TOS and TNG. Great characters with great voice acting.","rating":"10\/10","date":"26 February 2021"}
{"title":"It made me laugh","review":"This series should be have definitely more than 7. It's funny and full of references to the older series. It is made by someone who loved star trek.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 May 2021"}
{"title":"Love the show","review":"So many bad reviews slating the show. Always happens when a new Trek show is announced. Yes the show is different but is still Trek. Love the Easter eggs to the shows and movies. Characters are different and exaggerated but that is a good thing. Uniforms are a good design.","rating":"10\/10","date":"28 May 2021"}
{"title":"Family Guy meets Star Trek I enjoy it","review":"Star Trek Lower Decks. A fun show set in the Star Trek Universe based on the Crews Lower Decks and Cadets learning the ways of Starfleet on the ship The USS Cerritos with some great new characters and fun adventures this was a fun show from Star Trek.The characters in this show are really fun and I like the idea of a Star Trek show focusing on the lesser known crew of a ship rather than on the Bridge of the ship its an interesting idea that I think works really well for this type of show.The animation is good and does have a Family Guy mixed with Rick and Morty feel to it that I think works well with the shows humour.\nSometimes the humour can be hit and miss there are some hilarious moments and funny Easter eggs through out the show but the humour can sometimes be silly and dosent work like the Badgy episode but it's still alot of fun.The characters are great and work really well for the show Mariner and Boimler being the highlights in the show. Mariner has a pretty good story arc throughout but can be a bit of a know it all which can get annoying in my personal opinion but she is a great character and definitely a badass.The only real issues aside from cheesy jokes and annoying character traits is the first two episodes can be slow and the show takes a little bit to get going but definitely finds its formula later on in my opinion.My Favourite episode is definitely the one we're Mariner makes her own movie and deals with her own personal feelings towards everything when she is a villain in the movie the Vindicta its a very fun episode and has alot of great Easter eggs from other Star Trek movies.\nI also really like the finale and seeing the USS Titan was awesome and Riker is as cool as always.Verdict 8.5\/10 a fun show and a great idea for a Star Trek show to focus on the Lower Decks of the crew.\nThe Characters are fun and the finale is awesome seeing the USS Titan the humour is great but sometimes can be a little silly and the first two episodes are a little slow and the show takes a few episodes to get going.\nThere are better Star Trek shows but if you want a fun Star Trek show that is a mix of Family Guy and Rick and Morty this is a lot of fun.","rating":"8\/10","date":"23 March 2021"}
{"title":"Could Have Been Fun, But It Really Isn't","review":"UPDATE 11\/19\/2023: Clearly, my opinion of Star Trek: Lower Decks has greatly improved. It's a fun show. I've also enjoyed the crossover into Star Trek: Strange New Worlds.I can't muster up the desire to give this more than a 3\/10. I can't understand who the intended audience is.It's not Star Trek fans. They only provide inaccurate references to Star Trek tropes. Star Trek fans won't appreciate that.It can't be children. The first episode was pretty violent with all the zombies and whatnot. The second episode had profanity and mild sexual themes.Finally, it can't be adults. The humor is sophomoric at best. And the plot lines are so poorly developed that they don't really hold your interest.You're just waiting for the next silly, over-the-top Star Trek-ish joke. It's just not good.Maybe they're trying to compete with The Orville, but put an animated spin on the formula? If so, they've failed.","rating":"8\/10","date":"17 August 2020"}
{"title":"Nothing is perfect but this is better than currently rated!","review":"This is my first review of anything here in recent memory which I feel was needed because I enjoy this show more than ST:D and ST:P and I hope they continue to produce more, so I have rated and will continue to rate everything about this as 10\/10 until a more realistic rating is established that is free of bias from haters. Is this a 10 no but nor is it 7.5 or less considering what shows have that rating. People that rate it at less than 3 or 4 really need to get a life and find something constructive to do with their time.\nThat is all.","rating":"10\/10","date":"17 September 2020"}
{"title":"So hyper","review":"Right from the get go it's just so hyper. It doesn't remind you of anything of the Next Generation other than the general art style.The characters are not endearing at all. Everyone is always yelling and running about it's like someone took the idea of Star Trek Next Generation and took a massive hit of cocaine to 'write' it, and then made sure all the 'actors' took an equally massive hit before having them read their lines. It possibly could have been good if they'd just calm down and tell a story and have some introductions and background building. As it stands I can't see watching another episode of this.","rating":"1\/10","date":"11 December 2022"}
{"title":"It's really good. The only mistake was using Star Trek branding.","review":"All the people who are giving this show low scores would be giving 9's and 10's if it were named anything but Star Trek. As a stand alone show, it's very good. Good storyline, good jokes, doesn't take itself too seriously but doesn't go overboard with crude humor either.That being said, I can see why hard core Star Trek fans don't like it. It's not in the spirit of the other series. If you are expecting something that could believably be part of the Star Trek universe, you are going to be very disappointed.They should have made it it's own thing.","rating":"9\/10","date":"24 September 2020"}
{"title":"Great show that trekkie morons cannot understand","review":"Great show, very entertaining, dont pretend to be star trek but animated comedy spin off in same universe. I wonder myself sometimes, does all star trek fans are utterly stupid?","rating":"10\/10","date":"5 May 2021"}
{"title":"Hilarious spin on Star Trek","review":"Haven't watched tons of Star Trek. But I didn't have to, to enjoy this. Has a big Rick and Morty vibe, but it doesn't try too hard. My Dad thoroughly loved it too and he is a huge Star Trek nerd!","rating":"9\/10","date":"31 January 2021"}
{"title":"I can't help but like it","review":"I've been a Star Trek fan for many years, however it's been quite awhile since there has been any new Star Trek content that I like. I really wanted to like the new movies, but they always felt like they were trying to turn Star Trek into something it isn't.\nWhen I first saw announcements and previews for Lower Decks, I fully expected to hate it. It just seemed like another step towards Star Trek's complete tonal shift. However, much to my surprise, I ended up really enjoying it. Rather than an abomination that laughed in the face of everything that Star Trek was, it ended being a fun parody that was clearly created by a team that has a lot of love for classic Trek.","rating":"9\/10","date":"26 January 2021"}
{"title":"Star trek final space","review":"Love it. Hated discovery because of main characters being emotionally underdeveloped and this is a breath of fresh air. It's funny stays in universe and honestly. Has more convincing characters. No picard tho :\/","rating":"9\/10","date":"5 February 2021"}
{"title":"Best Trek of This Era","review":"When I saw the trailer, I was furious at CBS. The body humor and whole tenor of the show seemed antithetical to everything Star Trek is, great science fiction, action, and a hopeful reflection on humanity. I was wrong. The body humor is a little out of place, but honestly all trek series have some cringe worthy romance, and this series does a great job of both playing homage to what has come before and poking some friendly fun at it too, all while managing to keep that hopeful feeling good trek always seems to come around to. The episodes are superbly crafted. While contemporary Trek has at times felt bloated or stretched out with character development that takes too long to unfold and is often out of step with the action, (see scenes in Discovery where personal problems are resolved while all life in the universe is on the line) this series has none of that except when it is so obviously making fun of itself that it works. The character development is outstanding. Each episode is packed with multiple plot lines and yet nothing feels rushed. If you are a treky enjoy all the Easter eggs too. Nice work writers and CBS!","rating":"8\/10","date":"3 January 2021"}
{"title":"It's not funny.","review":"I don't know what else to tell you. It's supposed to be a comedy. It's not funny. It doesn't matter if you're a Star Trek fan, or not a Star Trek fan. This show is not funny. There are no laughs to be had here.Just another lazy cash grab by Paramount\/CBS, desperate to suck any profit possible out of their last remaining profitable franchise, and force people to watch their horrible streaming service. Don't waste your time.","rating":"2\/10","date":"17 June 2021"}
{"title":"The new futurama","review":"It's like fururama but with more science and blood","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 February 2021"}
{"title":"Fantastically entertaining!","review":"My wife and I are huge star trek fans and we really enjoyed the first season of this amazing show. Do not mind the negative reviews, they're misleading and most of their writers have completely missed the point of this series. This is a CARTOON and it should be treated as such! Things happen in it that would never happen in the \"real\" star trek universe but that doesn't make it bad. Quite the opposite actually. It's a breath of fresh air and i would definitely recommend it.","rating":"10\/10","date":"31 January 2021"}
{"title":"A fresh approach","review":"I was hesitant to start because of the score it got here on IMDB, but after watching the first episode I was hooked! It's fresh, it's funny and the characters are really likeable. I wasn't sure if the cartoon medium would fit Star Trek, since it's often more serious in tone than funny. But the writers clearly knew the material. The jokes are not cheap and you can catch so many references (and then feel good about it). I also watched the show with people who have never seen an episode of trek in their lives, and they also liked it, so it's not only the fanservice that makes it good. I love what they're doing with this and it's by far the best first season of any Star Trek Show. I really can't get behind the bad reviews, if you don't like it that's fine but why would anyone give 1 star rating to a show that's well produced and clearly caters to a certain sense of humor that's mostly enjoyed by younger folks, just because it doesn't fit your \"vision\" of the show. I believe that's really gatekeepey and contradicts the spirit of the franchise.","rating":"10\/10","date":"1 February 2021"}
{"title":"Just right \uf8ff\u00fc\u00eb\u00e5\uf8ff\u00fc\u00e8\u00ba","review":"Nice and quirky, awesome characters who you genuinely root for, kind of frustrating at times as I just wanted Bradward to do good haha. Just the right amount of throwbacks and references to the rest of the canon. I am far from a trekky and even I got them all. Awesome fun and seriously no need to even like all the originals. This could have been a stand alone and I would have still loved it. 10 out of 10 for sure, I hope we get season 2","rating":"10\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"Pretty awesome","review":"I'm a long standing fan of the series and the movies and had a ton of fun. The quick dialogues and lots of (inside) jokes regarding ALL of Star Trek makes you see that the people doing this really liked Star Trek. And laugha lot. About the humour, it gets better as the series advances by the way.Just ignore stretches that say you can not do this to Star Trek. Star Trek improves a lot by adding this sort of things, makes it more human (or whatever) , with more points of view than just the bridge crew, and so gives more depth to the star Trek universe, even if it shows some things not seen before in the more classic series.","rating":"10\/10","date":"13 November 2020"}
{"title":"Takes Time","review":"Didn't like it at first but it got really good. Those pseudo trekkies giving 1 star reviews because they expected hour long philosophical speeches are the only problem here.","rating":"10\/10","date":"19 January 2021"}
{"title":"Terrible","review":"I was really looking forwards to this coming out but now after watching the first three I'm giving up. It's terrible!","rating":"3\/10","date":"23 August 2020"}
{"title":"Poor treatment of international fans","review":"Star trek is amazing, but until they actually release it to the other 7 billion people that live outside the US... 1 star. Pathetic treatment of its fans.","rating":"10\/10","date":"18 August 2020"}
{"title":"This is a pretty funny show","review":"It's weird all these reviews mentioning production and ST:D. Seems like a lot of people trying to convince me this isn't funny. I'm sure it will be a huge failure like ST:D let's hope for at least as many seasons.","rating":"9\/10","date":"30 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek: Mean-Spirited Edition.","review":"I don't know why every, character on this show, is the absolute worst, but they are. All the jokes are mean jabs at Star Treks history and fandom and it seems that it hates its self. I've seldom seen a show with such an identity problem as Lower Decks. It clearly doesn't like Star Trek, or it's fan base, yet is made for said fan base. I wouldn't care half as much, if they wouldn't keep hammering home that this show is Canon and not an parody. In the end I think this is the worst thing to happen to Star Trek since J.J. Abrams.","rating":"8\/10","date":"19 August 2020"}
{"title":"Could Have Potential For Season 2","review":"I remind myself that The Orville really found itself in season 2 as I think about this. A pilot or season opener should really set the tone; if that is the case here I'm concerned the tone is being set to be skittish and shallow.Rick and Morty this is not. Ricky and Morty embraces a dark humor that just wouldn't work in Star Trek, like Rick's car creating clones of dead children to wage psychological warfare, or using less intelligent family members to sheild oneself from authorities. No shade on Mike McMahon but this show has more in common with Solar Opposites than Rick and Morty.My biggest frustration with the pilot is how it was an all over the place introduction to the characters. Everything about Sam Rutherford's inclusion felt extraneous. Replace him going on a date with getting to know Tendi and the focus is on two plot lines: Mariner and Boilmer's relationship and the virus outbreak. So now I'm left not caring about his story; he's a cyborg, he's got Vulcan programming, who cares?The most intriguing aspect of the story was that Mariner has some history of being demoted. That's about the only thing that makes me want to come back. That and Tendi; Tendi is the character everyone says Tilly is (and I can't stand Tilly's character).If this was an unbranded sci-fi animated comedy, I probably wouldn't give it too much attention, but as a lifelong (since age 5) Trek fan I want this to be good.","rating":"8\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"Was shocked at how good it was.","review":"I waited months before watching Lower Decks mainly because the trailer looked like a bad ripoff of the beloved shows. I COULD NOT HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG. This is a love letter to TOS, TNG, DS9 & VOY with plenty of sprinkles of all the other shows & movies included. It is a fun show made by fans for fans and could really only be pulled off through animation. Despite it being a comedic show, it's the classic trek style fans have been begging for ever since Nemesis left theaters. It was much more TNG than the Picard series, which while an ok reimagining - was very much a letdown in bringing back more of that TNG nostalgia we all crave. Well folks, finally there is a show that has scratched that itch at least a bit. Filled with easter eggs and references, my only real complaint was the episode count. Once I was hooked it was over in a day. Hopefully a second season will include more than just 10.","rating":"9\/10","date":"31 March 2021"}
{"title":"This is a very low testosterone funny trek. lol","review":"I can tell you just by watching the first episode, this is the artwork of a guy with low testosterone, sedentary,maybe a little bald, probably androgine, or maybe even more, sexualy inactive, but with a lot of sense of humour because this show is as funny as it gets, something with Married with children type of humour. Probably this sounds as an insulte, but it is not, almost al the fans, including me, are or even small, fat, bald, gay, weird or things like that and this show succeeds to touch their 'black boxes' quite efficiently. As a straight guy, i wouldn't mind to see more naked girls instead of naked guys, but that it's allright, the lbgt fans deserve their part of happyness too, they were censored for waay too many time.","rating":"10\/10","date":"21 November 2022"}
{"title":"Greatly disappointed...","review":"This show is just not funny. Some of the characters are highly annoying and the rest is mostly just bland. I kept on watching until the 4th episode, but had to stop a bit more than mid-way through that episode. Too bad. I would've given in 1 star, but give it three because of the STTNG and VOY feel to if, which I miss in the treks of today.","rating":"3\/10","date":"29 August 2020"}
{"title":"It's fine","review":"It's fineThere have been a few good jokes, but overall it's just kinda meh.","rating":"8\/10","date":"4 September 2020"}
{"title":"To quote Depeche Mode...It's no good.","review":"The only thing about this series that feels remotely like Star Trek...Is the music. All else? Nope. Engaging science fiction? Nowhere on display. Engaging and likeable characters? Only one character you could argue is likeable, but everyone else is mean spirited and who you would rather not have any screen time. And the humor? Too over the top, too modern, and tries too hard to replicate the shock and awe of a Rick and Morty. And the animation? Let's not kid ourselves this is the same bland style that has been populating the mainstream marketplace for years now where it is so easy to draw and to stage not a whole lot of time and effort is needed to deliver a passable product to executives.Star Trek should be a space opera with an optimistic version of the future that can appeal to all ages, not a cynical and self-deprecating work that tells the viewer there isn't a whole lot to hope for in the future. If you want a Star Trek inspired series with humor, see The Orville. Not only is it funny it has the heart and optimism a Star Trek series needs.","rating":"","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Much needed addition to Star Trek","review":"No clue what's up with the negative reviews. Lower Decks is a hilarious take on Star Trek. Sacrifice all the old sacred cows for laughs. The cast is great, the writing is fun, the inside jokes and references make it even more enjoyable.Lighten up and give Lower Decks a chance! :-)","rating":"9\/10","date":"21 November 2020"}
{"title":"In a strange way, this is what Discovery should have been","review":"I wish I could review this show on its own merits, rather than in contrast to Discovery, but it seems impossible.I started watching Discovery hoping it would faithfully carry forward a beloved franchise, but it's making all the same mistakes that were made with the Star Wars sequel trilogy: far more emphasis on flashy visual action sequences and far less on actual storytelling. And where that trilogy is the flagship of Star Wars for now, the Mandalorian is constantly shaking by being a more faithful and consistent love letter to what Star Wars is, while telling a great story within that framework. Similarly, Discovery doesn't really seem to know what Star Trek is about; but Lower Decks does, and it's distilling Trek down to all its fun and classic elements to create something really enjoyable. (It also feels impossible to talk about this without comparing it to Star Wars in some ways, so if you're not a fan, please forgive me.)I started watching Lower Decks hoping it would be a fun parody of Trek, which any fan knows can be fairly ridiculous at times, ripe for a little ribbing. But it ended up having more heart and a better understanding of what Trek should be and feel like than the live-action flagship show.In 10 half-hour episodes I have connected with the four main characters more deeply than any of Discovery's characters in ~30 hour-long episodes. Only one character has (seemingly) left the show compared to Discovery's 4? 5? It's hard to keep track because one of them has left the show twice and the others have had little meaningful screen time before their exit. Lower Decks has interesting, weird sci-fi problems to grapple with, like terraforming goo and a creature that laces itself into the fabric of a Starfleet ship.Lower Decks brings back obscure species from earlier shows and has more impactful callbacks and lets itself have fun. It proves that the creators working on this show love Star Trek in all its forms and don't take it too seriously. They can lightly poke fun at the finale of Star Trek Enterprise and a weird Next Generation episode about Dr. Crusher and the classic double-fisted punch. But they're not just poking fun of past Trek's occasional silliness, they're taking some of its most well-loved formulas and using them for comedy in a way that feels honoring to the original shows rather than ridiculing them. There's a wild holodeck adventure and a (few) alien tech\/substance is taking over the ship episodes and a captured and put on trial by aliens episode. And in some rare occasions, even amidst all the comedy, it provides better, more exciting action than the live action series. Lower Decks doesn't really break any new ground in the way of TNG's 100-year forward time jump, DS9's space station, or VOY's delta quadrant, but it is so faithful to what Trek is and has been, even while being a overt comedy. The painful realization I had recently is that Discovery will never have an episode like \"Balance of Terror\" or \"The City on the Edge of Forever\" or \"Measure of a Man\" or \"Darmok\" or \"The Inner Light\" or \"Chain of Command\" or \"The Visitor\" or \"Far Beyond the Stars.\" But I really think that Lower Decks could give us an episode as sincere and compelling as those. Or at least its comedic version of that.Anyway, Discovery has been a consistent exercise in me trying to enjoy it, but Lower Decks has been a consistent delight and occasional surprise. I think anyone who loves Star Trek and doesn't take it too seriously will really enjoy this series. It's a fun, light-hearted love letter to Trek and its history, and that's enough to keep me watching anyway.","rating":"10\/10","date":"30 December 2020"}
{"title":"I am pretty Anti-Star Trek after the Next Generation.","review":"As mentioned in the title I am, I hated all the other stuff. Especially, the new series Discovery and Picard. Those series were particularly and direct SJW insult to ideals of Gene.But Lower Decks which is actually a mirror universe IMO of Discovery (where Mariner is a Mirror Michael all in the right reasons) have a the light hearted and hopeful themes of the TOS and TNG.With strong voice acting, decent to good stories (expect the first 3 episodes) and fluid animation there is a lot of redemption one can seek for the future of Star Trek because some people actually understand the heart and soul of the series and all the fans it inspired.","rating":"8\/10","date":"10 October 2020"}
{"title":"New approach that works","review":"Well its a Start Trek from a new angle. The comedy approach works surprisingly well an i liked the show. The character development is a lot better than Star Trek: Discovery. And i enjoyed this show in general way more than Discovery or Picard.","rating":"10\/10","date":"28 February 2021"}
{"title":"Awesome!","review":"Only problem is that the season is to short! It's still Star Trek but it's less serious with more humour.","rating":"10\/10","date":"25 March 2021"}
{"title":"It's not good.","review":"This show is what I had expected the Orville to be, cheap jokes, annoying characters, thinly disguised as Star Trek. But while the Orville ended up being something far more interesting, this is just cheap. I've only seen two episodes, so maybe it could improve, but the issues go clear to the core. The characters are manic, anxiety plagued, lazy or stupid. How did any of these people (including the captain) get through starfleet? There is plenty of humor to be had at the personalities that have filled Star Trek universe, so it's odd that they decided to fill this show with people unlike anything we've seen before. It's hard to have fun with the tropes when the characters come from Rick and Morty or Family Guy. The jokes are okay. A few are a bit funny but most of the time they're too obvious or derivative to make me laugh.\nThis show could have been a way for Star Trek to take on some stories that live action doesn't have the budget to depict. Or it could have been a fun exportation of the absurdity inherent in the Star Trek universe. This is nether of those things.","rating":"2\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"This series divides - I'm on the positive side","review":"As of this review I'm four episodes in to Season 1 -I was nervous, as any Trek fan would be, as this pulls the franchise into uncharted territory, but once into a few episodes, things start to flow and the comedy works..both in praise of Star Trek and throwing a little self mockery in there too. Which is totally fine when as a fan (I have such a respect and love for the franchise) since TNG days onwards, you really do have to give a storylines, scripts and characters a lot of good will, from time to time.Pros:Love the actual premise...second contact. Good idea. Using this for an animated series works, as I'm not sure it would go the mileage if it were live action..who knows?!Also a good idea to spin off from the the TNG episode 'Lower Decks' and build from there. It was a popular episode at the time and since.As others have mentioned, it's got so many canon-based reference points, that it's a joy to watch in that respect.The humour is fine for me..sometimes puerile, other times heartfelt and clever.Cons:Lead characters can grate at times (each have their moments) ..but when are you going to get perfect, tailored writing that fits you and your viewing pleasure alone eh?! And yes I agree that Mariner has personality traits that are not wholesome...but that's for the series to develop into I'd imagine..and it to have a character to 'bounce' far fetched ideas and comical scenarios off of. Your not supposed to like her..at least not at first.","rating":"9\/10","date":"8 March 2021"}
{"title":"I Just Like It","review":"Wow I think this show rocks. These are supposed to be like, synopsis reviews, right? Sorry, can't do it. Just want to say I like it. The writing totally rocks, the acting rocks, even the score rocks. I like this show YAY!","rating":"10\/10","date":"15 March 2021"}
{"title":"NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO! ....Last Season!","review":"I just heard about this DIAMOND of a Star Trek show coming to an end.BUT WHY?!!!!!!Holy Crow I just got to know them and now it's ENDING? IT'S SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD!How can this be? I'm PISSED! Every week it's been a LOVING nod to ALL TREK and now we're letting it go. EVERY TREKKER MUST RESIST!Let Mike know we need him x2. This animated, extremely gratuitous version of Star Trek is NEEDED! It consolidates all Star Trek in a way that is really entertaining, adventurous, totally loving & Trekious-Supreme Delicious. DON'T LET IT END!The FUTURE NEEDS TO KNOW HOW COOL IT COULD BE. KEEP STAR TREK : LOWER DECKS TREKKING! THEN......Live Long & Prosper.","rating":"10\/10","date":"29 April 2024"}
{"title":"What the Hell was that?!","review":"I gotta say out of Discovery\/Picard\/Lower Decks Lower Decks has the best theme music (TNG is my Fav!)\nit reminds me a LOT of rick and morty and i expected one of them to pop up in a scene.\nStar Trash Lower Plex more like....What's going on with the new writers of Trek ?bringing it down where there's no need to do so......\"90's Trek Rulz\"lol","rating":"1\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"Oh, Jesus Christ, SHUT UP!","review":"Again, this is not Star Trek. This is some junk that wants to be Rick and Morty without the effort, wearing a thin veneer of the 'ip' components of what Star Trek used to be.\nMeandering, muddled, mean spirited in some regards and juvenile. Another Secret Hideout failure.\nGive Star Trek back to the fans in the industry and stop wasting everyone's time and money with these insulting, woke knock offs.","rating":"2\/10","date":"11 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek 1966 - 2005","review":"Stop giving CBS money to destroy Star Trek.Star Trek: Discovery - awful\nStar Trek: Picard - average\/boring\nStar Trek: Short Treks - 90% rubbish\nStar Trek: Lower Decks - watch Rick & Morty \/ Final Space \/ Futurama instead","rating":"2\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"Unwatchable","review":"Remember how tv studios will kill everything by collecting the cheapest writers to write jokes and use catchphrases that would have been clich\u221a\u00a9 and hackey 20 years ago?Yeah that's this.","rating":"1\/10","date":"11 August 2020"}
{"title":"No substance","review":"This lacked everything that made Star Trek great, the characters were annoying and couldn't get through starfleet academy, jokes that are undetectable with normal human senses, stupidity with the higher-ups regarding procedure. Just name dropping to appeal to the true fans but its not enough with the forgettable characters on the ship.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Absolutely subterranean","review":"The ratings are relative, here they vary between super and absolutely unseen. I had hopes, but unfortunately I have to go with the latter. Yes, you can make fun of the leadership of a starship or Starfleet, but it's so consistently with characters you're not really supposed to like. It looks as if Star Wars makers were supposed to make a show about Star Trek and you could hardly stop laughing that they've been allowed to do that for three seasons now. The foundation of the series is based on an absolutely annoying Ensign \"Mariner\" and reminds me with horror of Star Trek Discovery, where a superheroine can do everything and the rest is superfluous. It's not my taste and I rate this series as absolutely subterranean.","rating":"1\/10","date":"19 April 2023"}
{"title":"Tries too hard and falls flat","review":"It's supposed to be a spoof of Star Trek. But part of being a spoof is humor and actually being funny, which it is not. Not even cheap laughs or a chuckle.I watched the entire first season and found the same formula to every episode: male ensign who follows the rules is portrayed as an idiot and incapable of getting anything done. Female ensign who breaks all the rules and drinks\/use drugs is smart and a savior. They get in trouble because he follows the rules and she saves them. Hilarity ensues. The other crew members are not even likable.This is a pattern with most animated \"comedy\" lately. Random things thrown into a show to be funny (attempting to emulate the Family Guy or Rick and Morty's randomness) that aren't funny and don't help advance the plot. Overall lack of irreverent humor. Tiresome dialogue. Even the attempts at sarcasm falls flat.Save yourself the time and watch something else.","rating":"2\/10","date":"4 May 2023"}
{"title":"Misses the point of Star Trek","review":"The devs should have watched Star Trek TNG first, I guaranteed nobody working on this show even saw any other Star Trek series other than the more recent Hollywood reboot.I would put everybody working on Lower Decks to first watch TNG for at least a couple of seasons as homework, it would be impossible to not get what Star Trek is all about.Lower Decks is just toilet humor on and on, go away please!","rating":"1\/10","date":"11 August 2020"}
{"title":"It should be as parody of trek","review":"Environment of the ship and costumes is all ok and nice even the cartoon style is nice. But then we get the characters and the stories and overly in your face that all white males are losers and females are the best and smartest in everything.It was meant to be a comedy animation show. Even had someone from the crew of Rick and Morty that sometimes is even funny. I tried to understand the jokes in this show but nope not a single one landed for me. I even understand they had Star Wars reference in the end of the episode and again not funny.So to who it's made for ? Not for kids cause it has alcohol reference and swearing and too much brutality . For sure not made for adults as not lots of adults even watch any animation other then simpsons.","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"WOW! just wow...","review":"This seems designed to intentionally insult what the star trek fan base is all about.\nNot the kind laugh with you funny haha but the humiliating point a finger and then sneeringly laugh at them.This is the dumbest idea for a show ive ever seen in my whole life, the better it does the more the target audience will feel insulted and like this less.\nThis cant even please someone thats never seen a star trek show before since you need the references for most of the jokes. There is no audience for this show.This also seems to be made in the completely wrong social climate, star trek fans already were unhappy and this throws salt in the wound.Just wow...","rating":"3\/10","date":"24 August 2020"}
{"title":"Unfunny","review":"I have yet to laugh at this rapid-fire yakfest. The characters talk at warp speed to the point of unintelligibility. If it IS funny, it doesn't give the watcher a chance to discover it, since the characters seem to talk over one another constantly. Too much yelling and groaning and complaining, especially by Mariner, who seems determined to be the rebel antagonist. Most of the other characters are, well, dumb and unengaging and the stories are simply too puerile to be funny or meaningful in any way. Just junked up with silliness. I do enjoy references to other series and incidents and I did enjoy hearing a great familiar voice in this week's episode, but altogether, my impression is one of writers trying too hard to appeal to an audience too shallow to do anything but laugh at the one-dimensionality as though it were new and different. I give a 9 to the theme, however. The best one since DS9. Maybe this will find its footing, but it seems to be locked in to lazy writing that uses freneticism of dialogue and action as a substitute for an actual story.","rating":"2\/10","date":"11 September 2020"}
{"title":"WHAT IS THIS SHOW??","review":"What genius decided to turn Star Trek into an ADHD sitcom? Who is this for? It's not for kids. It's not for actual Star Trek fans. There is nothing about this show that looks, feels, sounds, or smells like Star Trek. AT ALL. The first episode felt like watching someone with attention deficit disorder cosplaying Star Trek for 30 minutes.They should call it Star Trek: Lowest Dreck. What a piece of trash.","rating":"2\/10","date":"7 August 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek?","review":"Apart from the uniforms, races and general objects and items, I can't see how this is Star Trek anything. Even trying to ignore the unusual (and unnecessary) setting, the humour is lacking. Low-rate and obvious jokes, annoying characters and tedious plotlines. It's like a cheap knock-off of some of Netflix's own animated comedies (\"Paradise P.D.\", for example), but bizarrely dressed up in Star Trek costumes and not explaining why.","rating":"2\/10","date":"18 February 2021"}
{"title":"Another CBS Disappointment","review":"Lower Decks is just as bad if not worse than the other 2 CBS Star Trek abominations! Here they've taken south park and given it the star trek label. Except south park is funny. This show is a failed attempt.Everyone except Ensign Boimler behaves like a prehistoric caveman\/woman. Characters have low morals, fail on ethics and their every other thought is a sexual joke. Yikes!If you're hoping for a show that exhibits the humanity, compassion and high morals of the Star Trek universe, this is not it.","rating":"1\/10","date":"23 September 2020"}
{"title":"Absolute Rubish - Dont watch","review":"Wouldn't waste my time watching a cartoon of star trek, who ever came up with this is an idiot","rating":"1\/10","date":"27 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not Rick and Morty","review":"But it isn't even Trek. It tries to do both and fails at both.\nDo yourself a favor and avoids this at all costs. It's frankly insulting.","rating":"1\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"I showed up for the Star Trek universe","review":"Having watched several episodes, I have to say I find this exercise rather appalling. The bulk of the story line thus far revolves around an exploration of the dysfunctional relationship between a psychotic female African American starship captain, and her psychotic Starfleet daughter that has a superhero skill set, serving under her, on the USS CERRITOS.The Lower Deck characters are unlikeable, there's nothing remotely connected to the spirit of Star Trek or Gene Roddenberry's vision to be found here. None of these characters would be allowed anywhere near an actual real Starfleet vessel. These characters are unreliable, juvenile, culturally xenophobic and undisciplined. They are illogical to a degree of endless astonishment.The senior officers are petty, incompetent, and not especially bright.I'm attempting to comprehend who the target audience is. If the target audience is children, the language is objectionable because we should want better for our children. I'm no prude, but gratuitous gutter language is just low class. We should want to be better than that.If it's supposed to be comedy, it fails on that level for me, because thus far, (and I think I'm up to episode 9), I've found nothing especially funny. It's unfortunate because it's a missed opportuniity for good stories to be told in a graphic cartoon format.I'm struck by the thought the writers hate and disdain fans of Star Trek. I can sense their projection of what their idea of who Star Trek fans are, oozing throughout the dialog. It's quite unfortunate.I'll probably continue to watch in the hopes it might improve, but early indicators are not encouraging..-Spock out.","rating":"2\/10","date":"29 July 2022"}
{"title":"Only the name is Star Trek","review":"If you want to watch and enjoy a real Star Trek cartoon watch the original 1973. This show is the answer to Kiri-kin-tha's first law of metaphysics. That reference makes no sense to you? Don't know the answer? Don't worry, this show was made by people for and like you.Star Trek: Lower Decks wasn't made for anyone that likes Star Trek.Something as simple as knowing that a virus would be detected and screened out by the transporter bio-filters is ignored in the very first episode. It's done just to serve the plot and not to preserve just one of many things that makes Star Trek, STAR TREK. Star Trek is suppose to be intelligent science fiction. You can still be funny and maintain that. This neither funny or intelligent. It certainly isn't exploring the human condition. It's a journey into the mundane.Really, I challenge you to take a step back, remove \"Star Trek\" from it's name and ask yourself, \"is this a good cartoon?\" You might as well since it's most definitely not Star Trek.","rating":"1\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"Getting somewhat better","review":"I watched the first episode and it was horrible. I made myself watch a few more, and it is getting better. It's still moronic and nobody on that ship, from Ensign to Captain, would have actually graduated Starfleet Academy. It's sort of Star Trek as done by the Simpsons.","rating":"5\/10","date":"22 September 2020"}
{"title":"Nowhere NEAR something like Futurama... a disappointment tbh","review":"Watched the first few episodes so far, and I've only laughed ONCE... one single laugh... if you compare that with something like Futurama where I used to laugh a few times per episode, then it's easy to see that this 'comedy series' is very much sub-par. If it gets any better in the future then I'll update my review, but currently it's a very poor showing.","rating":"5\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Final Space done wrong","review":"Basically a rubbish attempt to copy Final Space only with non of the creativity, humor or talent. Watch Final Space instead if you want an animated space adventure.It goes without saying if you want a Star Trek show these days, don't watch any official Star Trek shows as they are all rubbish.Watch The Orville instead which is a fantastic show or Star Trek Continues if your feeling nostalgic (streams free on startrekcontinues dot com). Both of those are far superior and has the soul of what Star Trek is supposed to be.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Meh","review":"Now, it's important to note that I have a very poor grasp of Star Trek as I never thoroughly watched it and only know some things about it. Therefore my opinion on this show may not be as valid as someone who is a fan of Star Trek. So I suggest that you read other reviews for more concise info, but still take the time to read mine.This show is a typical adult comedy with Star Trek slapped on top. It gives me Final Space vibes due to the art style, but it doesn't have the maturity, nuance, and depth of Final Space. The plot was kinda dry and hard to follow. It's a harmless, inoffensive show, nothing worth raging over, but it's not very special either. I'm sick of all these Rick and Morty clones.","rating":"5\/10","date":"27 September 2020"}
{"title":"Trite, mediocre, unhumorous, unethical trash","review":"Is this intended for a young audience specifically? I would much rather my children watch Discovery than this trite unethical unhumorous trash. The animation is thoroughly mediocre, the plot and dialogue is anything but nuanced, the alleged humor lacks anything that could be identified as such, and it's not even ethically canon: in the pilot episode one crew member describes another as \"worthless\", which flies in the face of Starfleet and Federation ethos and was met with approval by the captain and crew rather than punishment.There is quite literally nothing redeeming about this program, for humans of any age. It's an embarrassment to the entire franchise and the effect that Gene Roddenberry (Sr.) hoped it would have on human culture.","rating":"2\/10","date":"2 December 2020"}
{"title":"Yes, Virginia, there is BAD Star Trek. (Updated)","review":"Three strikes and Kurtzman should be out! Another example of how the metwo# and WOKE movements are killing Star trek. First Discovery where the annoying and shouldn't exist Michael knows and does everything and men are basically worthless. Add in the Liberace Klingons and those ugly ships and uniforms. Then we have Picard where it's obvious the role has passed Patrick Stewart by. Again unlikable characters and a story that was so slow, with editing it could have been 2 hours. Now this worthless trash no one had asked for. Unfunny, poorly animated senseless trash. CBS is going to milk the Star Trek cow until the fans - if they can - wake up and say hey not all Star trek is good star trek, which is the truth. I've been a Trekkie for over 50 years and I'm glad I still have the originals to watch because I'm done with new trek. I came back and watched the entire first season and laughed, maybe twice. Juvenile humor that just drags down the entire show along with the unoriginal character designs and loud, the show is loud. Nearly every character shouts their lines. Just go away, please and take that boor Kurtzman with you. Even Doctor Who realized that their showrunner was a fool and got rid of him, hopefully bringing the show back to prominence. This show should just go away.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Unwatchable","review":"The show is dumbed down, childish, and unfunny. The writing reaches a new level of incompetence. The animation is good. The acting runs from acceptable to poor.My partner and I suffered through a few episodes, but we both disliked it. We both do like Star Trek series in general though, and have no problem with a humor oriented Star trek series, but this one is insufferable. We do wonder if series two and three are improved over series one, but we have little desire to watch further episodes after the crap from series one.Overall, while the show looks good with the animation quality, there's no reason to see Lower Decks.","rating":"1\/10","date":"19 December 2022"}
{"title":"What a waste....","review":"Does anyone remember the movie Fanboys? A group of Star Wars fans seek out to see the Phantom Menace so their friend can see it before he dies. There's a scene involving a brawl between Star Trek fans and Star Wars fans. Star Trek: Lower Decks is just like that scene, except it's classic Star Trek fans fighting Alex Kurtzman and his so-called \"new\" Star Trek. Might as well call it Star Trek v Kurtzman; coming to a courtroom near you. He's the one laughing in the corner for turning all these fans against each other. Lower Decks is the definition of slights against Star Trek. So few of the characters and plots are interesting, we're basically just forced to watch two Trekkers go at each others throats for the amusement of producers who hate Star Trek. One Trekker represents classic Star Trek, the other represents Kurtzman's so called vision and agenda. Which one wins? Nobody does. When everyone isn't endlessly talking without shutting up for more than a minute, there's always some line insulting something about Star Trek or its fans. It's like the series was directed by Paul Feig, everyone's constantly yelling or talking in an attempt to say something even remotely funny. Not sure why comedy is reduced to not being staged or well written; just have your characters never shut up and that'll solve everything. It's one of the most irritating animated series I've ever seen. It reeks of desperation and really wants to be the next Archer or Rick and Morty. The thing about Rick and Morty is that it's chaos, yet controlled chaos, with really funny lines and wacky situations, but Star Trek isn't meant to be wacky or chaotic. It's thought provoking and well written science fiction. All the comedy is incredibly forced, like a story you're telling your friends that's not very interesting, so you just constantly keep adding to it, building on it and building on it, fake laughing at your own stupidity, until eventually your friends lose interest and leave; that's Lower Decks for you. The whole thing feels like an outlet for Kurtzman to take his revenge and hate out on Trek fans for all the hate he's been getting over the years. There's a lot of lines that throw original Trek under the bus, yet lines that want you to think about how good original Trek is. So which is it? Trying to gain favor of the fans with fan service, yet insulting them at the same time is not the basis for any franchise. Mustering up interest seems impossible when there's a character constantly yelling at you, mocking you for liking classic Trek. It's amazing how a multi-million dollar studio animated series can't do simple comedy right; where a shmuck like me can look at your series and come up with a better sitcom episode than any of the writers could. It's loud and obnoxious, you feel like a weight is put on your chest by all the screaming and yelling, it's just a cacophony of insults and noise, and it's not worth our time or money.","rating":"1\/10","date":"2 September 2020"}
{"title":"Star Trek stuck right in the present","review":"Star Trek used to be about an idealistic future, if you look at the next generation or voyager, they were trying to be ahead of their time showing a future where there was true equality and respect and the negative traits of current times had been fixed and addressed.And now we have this. This is firmly set in current 2020s ideals where the primary goal of all culture is to take all the atrocities and negative behaviour towards woman over the past century and apply it all firmly to men in the guise of equality and feminism. This is the easy way to get equality, just make everything bad for everyone. Why didn't we as a people try to take what was good and apply that?Anyway, in the last episode the solution to the problem was literally repeatedly a female character kicking the male character in the balls until he was in so much pain it ended. Truely an inspiration to all, nothing like a bit of physical violence and abuse against the other gender to solve a problem.And that basically summarises the world at the moment and why people get tired of \"Wokeness\", we are as a society now expected to accept that abuse and violence against a gender is acceptable so long as it is against one socially acceptable gender.We are now allowed to express as much hatred, abuse, violence, and bullying as we want as a society, so long as it is against one gender. This is apparently equality.","rating":"1\/10","date":"14 August 2021"}
{"title":"Just... Why? And for whom?","review":"Never have I questioned my taste in movies and series like I have in the past years after watching Secret Hideout making attempts on Star Trek. And every time I have hoped that this time they will make something good. Well, at least something ok.So my hopes were not high when I started to watch the first two episodes of this series. And afterwards I wished I had gouged my eyes out of my skull and trampled them to the ground to prevent me from watching another second.I am not sure who this series was made for, but it certainly is not for the adults. Nor is it for Star Trek fans. Nor is it for anyone sensible who just wishes to have a good laugh. I don't know who the target audience is, but what I do know is that this show is a desperate attempt to steer the course of Star Trek into better, and it fails in all aspects.","rating":"2\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Slapstick Humor before continuity","review":"My Wife and I can not understand the good reviews for this show.We attempted to watch it and quit after Temporal Edict (e4) after a year and continued praise for the show by some Star Trek fans we decided to give it another go and now have decided to quit again after Cupid's Errant Arrow (e6).We are both avid Start Trek fans and love TNG, the Kirk era, DS9 and Voyager. But have difficulties with Picard S01 and S02 and Discovery. Strange New World is great.Here are our main culprits with the show:\nThe Humor is over the top and relies on characters doing very dumb things. I like when humor comes from situations and not dumb people. Even more so as these people are supposed to be the best of star fleet after all. For all their actions they would have been relieved from duty.Characters are incredibly inconsistent. We have one who's personality is \"Follow the rules, even if they make no sense\" and a few episodes in he suddenly breaks all rules purely for comedic purpose. Another one switches between \"goofy at all times\" and serious. The captain is in some episodes the (from the vie of the lower decks personal) removed captain who does good Star Trek buisness, e.g. Intelligently and efficiently solving and navigating difficult diplomatic situations, in other episodes she is as inept as the other main characters and completely overwhelmed with her duties.The show is only very loosely tied to Star Trek canon. Captains are not working together but fighting amongst each other for prestige and thus endangering every common mission. Races with clear threats in Star trek suddenly behave very different. Tellarites for example consider arguments and insults good sport by canon, which would even fit the humor of the show. But here they just took one character threat, their \"stubborn pride\" and forgot about the others.The episodes lack a moral background. Sure you can interpret, that you should not do the goofy things the main characters do, but there is nothing of what makes many Star Trek Episodes great: Letting you think about good solutions to difficulty problems, either practical or moral.For now episodes do not build on each other.The show may get better, but we do not have the endurance to continue.There are many great shows out there and for those who resonate with my review I can recommend The Orville as a great spiritual successor the Star trek which also brings in some humor. (Nearly to much at start, but soon it reaches a great level which elegantly intertwines which the story) \"Strange New Worlds\" captures the original Star Trek feeling. Another great and recent series is \"Dark Matter\"","rating":"2\/10","date":"24 July 2023"}
{"title":"Is this supposed to be funny?","review":"I cannot stress this enough- this show is trying to be funny but comes off as very annoying. Characters are all extremely hyperactive, yell, and the plot is not interesting at all. This show seems to be a vehicle for \"how many Star Trek reference we can fit in a show\" rather than having it's own voice. Very painful to watch.","rating":"1\/10","date":"13 August 2021"}
{"title":"This makes my brain hurt","review":"I'm a 45 year old white male so there is no merrit to my review - just warning you in advance I'm not a female millennial. So I won't even do an actual review, just offer an opinion.And no, I do not yet own box sets of Voyager season 6 and 7. Nor do I own a box-set of Star Trek the Animated series... Just every other thing ever released on DVD of Blu-Ray up 'till Enterprise. Owning a bunch of Star Trek Laser-discs, Malaysian VCD's, several TOS episodes as well as the abridged version of 'The Motion Picture' on Super8 (projection) film, as well as pretty much every version of the U.S.S. Enterprise as a model hardly makes me a true fan. Did I mention all the comics, toys, t-shirts... never mind.As with so many other franchises, with this CBS continues to prove that alienating your core audience does not make for a successful franchise. Being aimed at a new audience, this is not intended for me, despite all the references to 'old' Trek. But older franchises trying to attract new audiences at the cost of the old audience rarely do well.I know about all the issues with the 'alternate' license. But in my opinion CBS should wait with the release of any new Trek until the Viacom-CBS re-merger can revert back to the old license.In my humble opinion there is no amount of substance abuse that would make this series even remotely watchable. I've rated this a most generous 3 out of ten stars for \"all the pretty colors\" and being more fun to watch than watching moss grow in real time on the pile of of bricks I stacked up behind my dumpster.","rating":"5\/10","date":"22 August 2020"}
{"title":"Cookie cutter type show","review":"Yet another foray into the world of emasculation and sarcasm...","rating":"2\/10","date":"21 August 2020"}
{"title":"Just no","review":"Star Trek: Lower Decks doesn't get anything right. The humour is bad, the animation is just average and the overall feeling of the series is definitely not Star Trek. A waste of time.","rating":"2\/10","date":"2 July 2021"}
{"title":"Great animation and Production Value.... TERRIBLE WRITING","review":"It's a bad sign when you don't laugh out loud ONCE after 8 episodes. The show is obviously inspired by Rick and Morty, trying to blend some adult themes within a cartoon but it keeps all the jokes and characters stupidly flat, just like a Saturday morning kid's cartoon. The writing is absolutely horrible, and all the jokes and plots never go anywhere, and never build towards anything. Zero character development or complexity. They just keep throwing in tidbits of Star Trek lore and big Captain names from other shows just to keep you slightly entertained, like it's an episode of Big Bang Theory. All in all, as a big fan of Next Generation and Voyager, this show is a huge disappointment, and I'm sad along with all the other Trek fans.","rating":"5\/10","date":"26 September 2020"}
{"title":"This is star trek in costume only.","review":"This show, once again, prooves that making stuff around an idiotic ideology will actively alienate fans of proper brands. Star wars is a mess, Doctor who is a disaster and Star Trek is another victim of this mentality.Chara are obnoxious. Especially one of the female characters who seems to be perfect at everything and talks continously...\nThe conversations are loud and pointless, there is nothing meaningful or poignant said unlike Actual Star Trek.\nThe design is ill suited.\nThe Humour is... Um... There is no humour, it isn't funny so this is a pass.\nSupporting characters are lame ripof of actually amazing ones.I'd give this show a negative score but just scoring it validates its existence. I can totally see why it has no international release and it ia losing viewers rapidly.","rating":"1\/10","date":"24 August 2020"}
{"title":"good job making all the reference","review":"Basically a less funny rick and morty. That itself is acceptable for me, but why constantly trying to bring up references from the original shows? it's out of nowhere, it screams desperate, and it's not funny. Try spending some time coming up with real jokes","rating":"2\/10","date":"11 September 2020"}
{"title":"screaming is not comedy...","review":"Tries to rip off rick and morty, falls flat so they just start screaming... overall message, men dumb! females smart... true star trek fans should skip this one. no respect for the source material and lacking in creativity in all aspects including animation...","rating":"1\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"I'm not sure who their target audience is","review":"Star Trek Discovery is geared towards 23, and lower, but this one I am not sure.The humor, and jokes made me think it was made for preteen children, but with the drinking, and other things I am not sure. The language seems very toned down.\nWhen you compare it to something like Rick, and Morty it takes a big back seat. I would say this is more high school, and R&M is more adult.\nThe only thing Star Trek about it I noticed is in the intro of the first episode I saw that earring, and I knew that man must be Bjoran. That's it.......","rating":"2\/10","date":"29 September 2020"}
{"title":"Lovely theme tune","review":"Best theme tune since Star Trek Voyager. Good luck with further destroying the franchise. Hailing frequencies closed.","rating":"5\/10","date":"29 January 2021"}
{"title":"Incredible fail","review":"Picard was too harsh for some. Hmmm. Rick and Morty is really popular. So is the Orville. Let's merge them and we'll have a sure fire hit.WrongWrong on so many levelsEvery joke falls flat and makes you roll your eyes. The 'antics' are tedious. The characters are the standard banal woke cliches - men are idiot clumsy fools or mindless jocks. The women, especially those of color are the smartest and bestist ever.Once again, this is not Star Trek.","rating":"1\/10","date":"17 August 2020"}
{"title":"REALLY low...","review":"If it would market itself as some kind of unofficial Star Trek Parody, along the veins of Star Wreck, Galaxy Quest or Space Balls, then I guess fans wouldn't really mind that its writing is completely silly and nothing like an actual Star Trek show. But then again, as a parody it would at least have to be funny, yet it also fails at that.\nAdmittedly I did laugh at SOME of the jokes, but only the first time I heard them when The Orville did them.\nSo it fails at being Star Trek and it fails at being a Star Trek parody... well okay it doesn't fail at that - it obviously IS a parody, just not a funny one...","rating":"3\/10","date":"9 August 2020"}
{"title":"\"Rick and Morty\" clone tries to appeal to the Adult Swim audience","review":"To be fair, the show is a great way to make millenials and teens aware of Star Trek. It's quite literally just Rick And Morty but Star Trek. It doesn't make it any better, with the creator and writer being a storyboard artist and writer on R&M.I hate the female lead. I don't know why, I just do. She's just too cocky for her own good.At least this show is trying to appeal to somebody, while also appealing to nobody.","rating":"5\/10","date":"3 September 2020"}
{"title":"Rick and Morty in Space","review":"No Spoilers as there is not much to spoil.First I have to say that this is the best 'Star Trek' since 2009. The aesthetics are on point as in we have a viewscreen - not a window, LCARS, and you could believe this takes place after Nemesis and so on.However that is end of the positives. It is difficult to see who this is for, kids or adults? The stories go back and forth between the two audience types. Also the show is completely reliant on call backs to proper Trek as the humour falls flat. Therefore of those you who have seen the 5 Star Trek series you have in essence seen this show, but its in a contemporary cartoon 'humour' delivery.I would avoid this rubbish, much like the other two 'Trek' shows. It is clear for a few years (ignoring the JJ movies) needs proper direction otherwise the franchise is dead in the water - if it is not already. STD was terrible, STP was even worse, but if we got the aesthetics from this show and people that knew how to write Trek then perhaps it can be saved!","rating":"2\/10","date":"10 October 2020"}
{"title":"Talk About an Identity Crisis...","review":"This animated series feels like 1\/3 Simpsons, 1\/3 Futurama, and 1\/3 Star Trek. The premise revolves around the lives of often-ignored crew members; in this case four Ensigns who work in the bowels of the ship and their adventures (or shenanigans depending on how you look at it). It's this reason that makes the show difficult to take seriously.The Star Trek franchise is a sci-fi show first with humor, sarcasm, and silliness being a distant last. We get the opposite here. In some instances, you feel like you're watching a sitcom set against a Star Trek-themed backdrop.Star Trek show episodes typically run around 1 hour which gives enough time to establish the plot, understand & deal with the conflict(s), and then resolution. Lower Decks' 30-minute episodes means things happen quickly and not enough science-ey stuff happens. So basically you're left with bite-sized adventures\/discoveries\/science stuff sandwiched between constant jokes, hustling, running, and sarcasm. I think this is the biggest problem with faithful ST fans who expect a sci-fi show to actually have...sci-fi.As a longtime ST fan, I applaud the creators for their imagination but I think they need to rethink Lower Decks if they want this show to survive. My guess is that Lower Decks was created to cast a wide net to attract a new (and perhaps younger) audience who aren't sci-fi nerds and they decided to throw in some Red vs. Blue humor to spice it up.","rating":"5\/10","date":"7 September 2020"}
{"title":"CBS AND ALEX KURTZMAN KEEP GOING THE WRONG WAY","review":"CBS and Kurtzman continue to destroy what Gene Roddenberry created for our entertainment. Kurtzman has no idea what he is doing, here we have another ST series that is tasteless and vulgar. This just proves Kurtzman needs to be fired and CBS needs to bring in someone who respects Roddenberry's masterpiece! Stop supporting CBS ALL ACCESS.","rating":"3\/10","date":"18 August 2020"}
{"title":"Shrieky, shouty, without merit","review":"As a life long Trek fan I was up for some humour. Up for some animated humour.What I got was just American nonsense. And all Trek is American, but this feels REALLY American. Like you're watching a load of teens at some party.The characters scream and shout and shout and scream. That alone makes it unwatchable for me. There is one volume: 13.But it's not even funny. At all. Not one joke.Gene Roddenberry is spinning in his grave having his name on this.","rating":"1\/10","date":"22 November 2020"}
{"title":"Obnoxious does not begin to describe it.","review":"I HATE THIS SHOW. Period. Hate it. Hate the dialog, hate the animation, hate the forced humor. God this is just a pathetic POS excuse with Star Trek slapped on the title. Tried... TRIED, to sit through one episode. WRETCHED garbage. Absolute wretched.","rating":"1\/10","date":"29 March 2022"}
{"title":"Gene Roddenberry is turning in his grave...","review":"This is an utter disgrace & it spits in the face of everything the concept stood for, I use past tense because it seems the full obliteration of Roddenberry's vision is now complete. Nobody wanted this... Nobody asked for this... You are laughing in the face of a legacy & flipping off the fans as you do it!?I genuinely believe everyone involved in the current warping of everything Trek, should be held accountable for the evil they have done...Disgusting 0\/10 even if not under the Trek banner it's trash...","rating":"1\/10","date":"19 August 2020"}
{"title":"More trash","review":"Just like Star Trek Discovery we have another space jesus in the main role who knows best and who is perfect and right in everything she does and picks on and hurts the white guy. The captain just shouts!Its not funny, its bloody awful and not Star Trek.They really do know how to destroy a franchise!!!","rating":"1\/10","date":"30 January 2021"}
{"title":"Watchable only if you're 7 years old..","review":"This has nothing to do with Star Trek and they should remove that part of the name. If you like juvenile poop humor and slapstick, watch this. If you like Star Trek, don't bother.","rating":"1\/10","date":"27 August 2020"}
{"title":"ST: WTF","review":"Not funny. The two main characters are so grating it's hard to watch this for more than a few seconds. This show aims for adults and tweens and loses at appealing well to both. The Orville does ST humor much better than this.","rating":"1\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"A disgrace to Gene Roddenberry","review":"A disgrace to star trek and Gene Roddenberry vision.CBS should be a shamed of themselves.","rating":"1\/10","date":"18 August 2020"}
{"title":"No, this is ANNOYING and too VULGAR !","review":"Wanted to appreciate that spoof of Star Trek with all the references to the latter series et all. However, it is a mess of exagerrated situations, and annoying caracters.Rather than hating Star Trek Discovery (which I like despite the nixers) or William Shatner's Star Trek V, this is one which does not go with with my captain's log...And sending a photon torpedo at the end...","rating":"4\/10","date":"10 August 2020"}
{"title":"cratered hard with season 3","review":"THANKS A LOT IMDB FOR EATING MY REVIEW JUST FOR CLICKING NO SPOILERSI don't even like rick and morfty but i found the first two seasons of this show to be enjoyable. It was genuinely funny at times and did a decent enough job of proverbially \"taking the piss\" out of Star Trek tropes and the like. Even the most aggressively annoying characters (Mariner) would occasionally slow down, breathe, and even learn something sometimes.Almost immediately with season 3, the show cratered HARD. The annoyingness and the volume of all the characters was dialed up massively, and almost every single scene is just these increasingly annoying, belligerent a-holes shrieking at each other as fast as possible.What little plot each episode has gets choked out and completely buried under the incessant fast-talking (fast-shouting) snark and arguing and in-jokes to such a degree that even if you are a fan of this sort of humor of annoying a-holes shrieking at each other, the fact that it's basically the same every single episode means that you're completely drained half-way through the season.If this is what rick and morty is like, then oh man. Good gods. This is almost unwatchable.","rating":"3\/10","date":"26 October 2022"}
{"title":"A Star Trek parody","review":"I never liked Star Trek (well I did when I was like 7 years old) but I never really disliked it either, and I find this parody to be fine. Nothing great, but the animation style reminds me of the beloved Rick and Morty and spoofs pretty much everything about Star Trek.It's a bit crazy and over-energetic as a show and that's part of its comedy, and many cartoons usually are. What I dont like at all though, is that the main protagonist, Brad Boimler is a loser (an overused trope, that reminds me of Futurama) and the main girl, Beckett Mariner, is a Mary Sue which actually proves that Mary Sue are not funny even in comedies. Also the plot is like, \"whatever\". Doesnts have a message or a point. It's just pointless. And they just cant shut up about Kirk and Spok and all that unavoidable shoehorned fan-service.Dont take it seriously and it's just stupid sci-fi fun in a dead period where there is nothing else to see.","rating":"5\/10","date":"13 August 2020"}
{"title":"Same rubbish as Rick and morty","review":"Gone down the same route as Rick and morty where they think loud + fast talking = funny to disguise the fact that they can't actually write jokes and are unfunny people.","rating":"1\/10","date":"11 April 2021"}
{"title":"Ridiculous","review":"I thought that this would be a TNG era animated series like the original Star Trek animated series. I was surprised to discover that it is basically goofball comedy. Even if I was not a moderate fan of Star Trek, I would not like this. All the characters act crazy all the time. It is bad Star Trek, bad sci-fi and bad comedy. It's the kind of comedy which I think is even bad for kids.","rating":"1\/10","date":"18 August 2021"}
{"title":"Oh, NOW I get it! It's not Starfleet, it's the DOOP","review":"My mistake on watching this initially was thinking that it had anything to do with Star Trek, and Starfleet.But in best Star Trek \"you have to think about it!\" style, it turns out that it's actually about Zap Brannigan's DOOP from Futurama.Once you realise that, this loud, crude, clumsy clownshoes show makes a lot more sense.Like why the white male protagonist who does his best to follow the Starfleet ideals is cast as the idiot foil.And why the black female (played by a much lighter skinned voice actor) who is a violent, drunken, lascivious, atavistic savage is the ostensibly sympathetic character.Now I get it. Everything about it in inverted. It's not Star Trek, it's a bitter, mocking, loveless, spiteful parody of it. The things that we're supposed to love about it are full of hatred for Star Trek, and that's the point.Accept that, and you can tolerate this awful, dreadful, foul, vile, sneering, smirking Bowdlerised version of Rick and Morty for what it is: the creation of lesser minds consumed with jealousy for a milieu that they could never have conceived.","rating":"2\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"But...why?","review":"This show takes feminism to a whole new level. Not only the lead role (a female) is shown as being the best at everything, know it all without any effort but the secondary role (a male) is shown as being clumsy, always in need of rescue from the female character, not being able to complete anything no matter how much he tries\/studies etc. The male character has been turned into a more exaggerated version of Tilly.This double contrast is too much. Shows have been ruined by battle of the sexes or by politics for years and apparently writers still didn't learn anything from past experiences.","rating":"1\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"Awful Crud","review":"Just some money-grab that has nothing to do with Star Trek. All the D level losers show up to put their voices to stories that have little or nothing to do with Star Trek. Even as a cartoon, this stuff is dreck. Just something that must have been written by people sitting in an outhouse when they went camping.","rating":"1\/10","date":"16 June 2022"}
{"title":"8 Episodes in and this has been nothing but garbage!!!","review":"This has show is poorly written and with the adult language used it is to juvenile for most adults to enjoy! The age group this would best be suited for would be too young for the language used some of the situations shown in the episodes. The Star Trek animated series from the 70's was far superior to this show.\nThis is just another example of CBS All Access offering a poor quality shows, that CBS would not think of running to regular CBS as these shows would not attract any sponsors. CBS should stop charging people for such poor programs! This service would be better titled CBS All Distressed!","rating":"1\/10","date":"24 September 2020"}
{"title":"GOD-AWFUL","review":"The most annoying show on any access network. and I really could give a damn about all the people who are complaining more about it being \"pc\" or \"woke\". sick of hearing that crap to be honest. this show is just BAD. horribly BAD. The captain is a brain-dead idiot, the Commander is a suck-up, the 3 lower deck characters are one-note and bland and the lead ensign is about the most annoying, arrogantly, loud, bullying, crap talking jerk in the HISTORY of ST. no blowback for anything she does or says, and which one is worse....her or her mother? the captain spends more time trying whatever stupid plot point she comes up with to either get back at her daughter or force her to resign. who wrote this crap? and...after watching 5 episodes, i haven't even smiled. the worst, and I do mean WORST, Star Trek piece EVER MADE. Cancel this crap!","rating":"1\/10","date":"7 February 2021"}
{"title":"Worse Star-Trek show ever","review":"Well I thought Star-Trek hit bottom with Voyager with Kate Mulgrew as the Captain. This is far worse in so many ways it is really to immature for adults to enjoy and not funny enough and far to crude for children! Not even Jerry O'Connell has enough talent to keep this show going. Lets hope after 10 episodes it goes away never to seen or heard from again.","rating":"1\/10","date":"28 August 2020"}
{"title":"What were they thinking?","review":"This show is painfully unfunny. And not just lacking in humor, but (even worse) boring. It's like watching a sanitized Hanna-Barbera version of Star Trek. Most of the shows on \"Adult Swim\" have ten times the humor and edginess of \"Lower Decks\". One minute of the worst \"Rick and Morty\" episode has more creative energy than the entire premiere episode of ST:LD.The entire point of an adult animated series is to push boundaries that can't be pushed with a live-action series. The problem with ST:LD is that its creators are rightfully terrified of demonstrating how much of a parody of itself that the Star Trek universe has become over the years. So they keep well away from the sacred cows of modern Star Trek that are ripe for lampooning, instead going for laughs playing to the fan base with oh-so-clever references to famous characters and events in different Star Trek series. It simply doesn't work.","rating":"1\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"Disappointed, uninspired, and aura of cringe","review":"This show is trying to be Rick and Morty and Final Space whilst basically surviving on the Star Trek intellectual property. Comedy is lacking, and soulless. Characters are generic and forgettable. Had to ask my partner several times what this show ws called because I kept forgetting the name. Thoroughly disappointing.","rating":"1\/10","date":"25 February 2021"}
{"title":"Wow what happened...","review":"Tries too hard....not funny whatsoever, unless of course you have ADHD and are perhaps 6yrs old.\nWatching this show is the equivalent of having that one person you know who's not funny but tries to tell a funny joke and they keep laughing at their own joke without even finishing the damn joke...","rating":"1\/10","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"I had to stop watching ...","review":"Admittedly this can't be a review of the whole show, I stopped at the 7 minute mark because of the super annoying voice acting, I've heard similar voices in kids shows so maybe it's meant for a younger audience, but they talk at supersonic speeds, deliveringpunchlinesEXTRALOUDandevenfaster. The art style wasn't to my liking either, it was too simple, again like kids shows are nowadays.","rating":"1\/10","date":"13 August 2021"}
{"title":"Mediocre at its best; boring and disrespectful at its worst","review":"The most positive thing I can say about this series is that of the three series currently in production (at the time of writing) this is probably the best one. That being said -- it still isn't any good but hey at least it doesn't leave me wanting to punch my television like the other series do.The humor is sub-par with the writers repeatedly making use of overused tropes to try and elicit a cheap laugh when really all they do is make the audience groan. The characters are mostly forgettable apart from the \"main\" character Beckett Mariner who is so obnoxiously written and portrayed in the series you wonder if the writers are doing it on purpose. That way that they can kill the character off later on to resounding cheers all around.Oh and let's not forget the \" 'member berries\" that are so forced and unnatural in every single minute of each episode I can only assume the writers have a Star Trek plugin for MS Word that injects at least one reference every 3.5 sentences into the script.Star Trek fans deserve so much better than the series\/movies we've received this last decade or so.","rating":"3\/10","date":"20 September 2020"}
{"title":"Mariner...","review":"I forced myself to watch two full episodes... I can't do it anymore. The Mariner character is the most unlikable and annoying character from anything I have ever seen. I haven't cracked a smile once, and I seriously cannot stand Mariner. Who is this made for? Who can tolerate her character? HOW is this series rated so highly??? I even kinda like the animation style (I see it getting roasted in the reviews). Holy hell is this a piece of crap. For anyone who gives this series a 10, I'd be super curious to know what, if any, series or movies you find to be BAD. This is utter garbage. Even if you don't consider yourself a Star Trek fan, there is nothing likable here. Don't let the 7.5 IMDb rating fool you.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 January 2023"}
{"title":"I thought Discovery was bad....","review":"I may update this after, well that is if I can sit through the series, just started it and so far.... NOT impressed, this may change and I will update this review. I will watch it and if it gets better this review and rating will. Now so far this is the worst Star Trek, that being said I would rather horrible Trek than the latest NCO whatever or CSI wherever or Law and Order whatever, and definitely reality TV. Bad Trek is still better than most other TV.","rating":"2\/10","date":"4 March 2022"}
{"title":"Not star trek!","review":"This is something for adults I would not recommend for children for sure. It is full of various messages of political correctness that lurk in the background of the story and slowly form the basis for probably more aggressive of increasingly popular promotions in later parts. I watched from the first episode, the first impression and later that impression remains, that this is like a parody of an Star Trek, not even a healthy comedy, but literally a parody. Everything is upside down, everything that makes Star Trek that core of the series itself does not really exist, its like star trek lose identity here, very wierd. If I were to rate this as some kind of cartoon unrelated to the star treck franchise then my rating would be pretty much higher, but this actually offends other star trek series and movies in some way. I don't know, I'm quite hesitant to watch the next season, if next season would be filmed at all because I doubt that this series has a future, I don't know ... blah!","rating":"4\/10","date":"4 May 2022"}
{"title":"Star Trek: The Adderall generation","review":"Like some other review I saw mentions: this looks like kids cartoons (NOT adult animation) but it's clearly meant for the man-child ADHD \/ Adderall generations.Imagine Rick & Morty without any substance or humor \"designed\" for an audience that will have an existencial crisis if they are given single second alone with their own thoughts.I have never been a Star Trek fan but still I considered almost every episode of every every Star Trek show (or film) entertaining and highly watchable if they are on the TV (before J.J. Abrahams single handedly killed Star Trek and Star Wars with a single swipe of course).This show hits a new low in the already decadent Star Trek franchise.","rating":"1\/10","date":"18 February 2021"}
{"title":"Headache inducing","review":"I've only watched one epsiode and I found it rather disappointing. Perhaps I need to give this series more of a chance but unfortunately I found one of the main voice characters Tawny Newsome extremely irritating, perhaps this style of 'comedy' which seemed to consist of yelling and high pitched screeching is considered funny these days but it just gives me a nasty headache. I thought Jack Quaid was brilliant and his voice actor talent alone could make this series actually funny, more Jack Quaid please and less yelling!","rating":"1\/10","date":"3 February 2021"}
{"title":"Rough start, but now I see the potential.","review":"EDIT: After seeing the second episode I came back to change my previous review, but I'll keep some of it, because it's relevant.From the pilot the show seemed like it will be about people who don't respect anything that the starfleet stands for. Mariner constantly made fun of the vocation of her colleagues, especially the senior staff, when in any of the canon shows staff usually respected very much the ranking officers and they believed in the starfleet principles, except some of the former Maquis in Voyager for example. Also they shot down most of the crew, while 2 of the main characters just sat there in the middle of an attack having a romantic moment behind a desk. This didn't seem to be an efficient behavior from starfleet crew. Star Trek pilot episodes are usually quite heavy, at least they were before Enterprise, so my expectations were really high even for a comedy show, and it didn't really came close.However... in the second episode the writers proved me wrong. The crew showed enormous support, also Mariner turned out to be wise, despite her disrespect towards the senior staff. On first glance she didn't seemed like someone who has finished the starfleet academy and got a job on a starship, just because her parents are high ranking officers. Rutherford also showed some honorable behavior. I was also amazed how much reference was to previous events from the ST universe, just as in the older shows. This time it really felt like the show was made by people who didn't only see the recent JJ Abrams movies and decided to create their own show, rather by people who know their roots, but they want to go where no one has gone before, and I respect that, because it's not a prequel that doesn't really line up with the original shows nor something from a \"parallel timeline\" because the creator didn't really know much about the real timeline as in the above mentioned JJ Abrams movies.\nAlso I have to point out the awesome animation that feels similar to what we have seen in Final Space and Rick and Morty. I like that very much!So apologies to everyone who worked on the show, it was honestly a weak start, but now it feels a bit better. I'm overprotective when it comes to the Star Trek franchise, because it helped me to become the person who I am today. TOS, TNG, DS9 and Voyager influenced me to start a career in STEM, to be curious, to enjoy working in a team, to be open for ideas and ideologies of other people and to love solving problems. I am very grateful for this.I'll keep following the show and I hope that it will fulfill it's potential in the upcoming episodes.ORIGINAL COMMENT:\nTNG, DS9,Voyager and even TOS thought me, that by learning, improving and working together hard, an utopian future can be achieved, where intelligent people will one day travel through the cosmos with the goals to learn, discover, make contact, share knowledge and most of all, spread the ideology of teamwork and moral across the universe. Doing this is not an easy task. People who will one day get there will face issues that nobody ever heard of before (similarly when the disaster in Chernobyl happened to point out a realistic example), and to solve them, you must be competent, clever and you'll need loads of scientific and engineering knowledge in your beg to stay alive, not to mention that a lot of other people's life might be in your hand.All that being said, recent Star Trek shows don't really wish to influence humanity to aim for a better future anymore. This show basically says \"stfu nerd\", get a life, you don't need to learn to be good enough to outsmart passionate people who spent their entire life in specializing to solve problems. You can specialize on anything by watching a clickbait video on youtube.I'm still positive because some people still understand the oldschool Star Trek principles very well, like Seth MacFarlane and his crew for example. The Orville does a wonderful job. It gives a new hope, inspires the audience to improve and shows how amazing teamwork can be. I can only hope that it will be a show that will live long and prosper and hopefully (but this is a long shot) inspire the Star Trek franchise to be a massive influence for people who wish to raise humanity to higher levels again!","rating":"5\/10","date":"8 August 2020"}
{"title":"Awful Trash.","review":"Not worth your time. The humour isn't there, it has no target audience, and it is laden with liberal propaganda.","rating":"1\/10","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"Terrible","review":"I avoided watching this specifically because I just really had no interest in it. It was worse than I thought it would be.I don't need \"Family Guy\" in space (and I hate \"Family Guy\"). The frenetic talking which isn't funny, the grossness for the sake of being gross, the forgettable, interchangeable characters (basically they all look the same except for skin color and hair style).I don't know what this is but it's not Star Trek.I only watched one episode and if it doesn't make me watch to watch another, I won't.Apparently the creator worked on \"Rick and Morty\". I don't know that show and this doesn't make me want to visit his earlier work.","rating":"1\/10","date":"11 September 2022"}
{"title":"Mediocre Show, but Not Star Trek","review":"If this were just some random space show, it would be okay. Not great, but mediocre. But labeling yourself Star Trek means you have a lot to live up to, and this does not live up to Star Trek standards. I can't imagine who would really love this show. The human is high school style, somewhat inappropriate but somewhat childish, not suitable for either adult or young audiences. The science part of science fiction is pretty much thrown out the window. There is no philosophy or anything to be learned or thought about on this show. There are so many random references to the original series, which I never watched, but even if I did, I would probably still think the references are stupid because references are not funny.","rating":"3\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"Producers and Writers should all be fired","review":"What an absolute piece of garbage. Whoever is in charge of Star Trek these days are the biggest morons the franchise has ever seen. The Orville will continue the Star Trek legacy. This crap, Discovery and Picard have completely ruined the franchise. Way to go morons. You should try another career path because this clearly isn't for any of you. THE ORVILLE is more Star Trek than any of the recent series will ever be.","rating":"1\/10","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"Just bad.","review":"I thought the concept was great until I saw what a mess they managed to do.\nBoilerplate boring jokes, Template script, it's just all garbage. Feels like the writers are already bored with their job and\/or they never watched a single episode of TOS. They're recycling old scripts from other shows. None of the characters are likable.\nIt has nothing to do with Star Trek apart from dropping in a few names.","rating":"1\/10","date":"3 September 2020"}
{"title":"Stripes in Space, but not as funny (and Stripes wasn't very funny)","review":"My overwhelming reaction to the first two episodes of Star Trek: Lower Decks is disappointment. All the resources of CBS All Access, all the talent at their disposal and this is the best they could produce?If you thought the character of Wesley in Star Trek: The Next Generation was immature and had no place on the bridge of a starship (he was and he didn't) he was old-Kirk-in-The-Deadly-Years mature in comparison to Boimler in Lower Decks. The writers appear to be working under the assumption that smart people can't be funny, but just being dumb is a laugh riot in and of itself, neither of which is true.Sadly, this show has no relation to Star Trek other than the richly detailed and faithfully rendered Trek backgrounds; kudos to the animators. There's plenty of room for new stories and approaches in Trek but if you're going to use the name for anything other than a dead tent-pole it needs some meaningful link to the Trek universe. Having a bunch or morons stumbling around the galaxy could be funny if handled smartly but not if the writers treat their audience as well as their characters as morons.The Next Generation episode \"Lower Decks\" from which I assume the idea for this show sprung had bright, believable characters as the lower decks protagonists. In this show, Mariner's main talent is to be able to talk preternaturally fast while having an inexplicably long list of experiences for someone so young, while the very existence of Boimler on the ship indicates that Rick Singer is alive and well in the 24th century and can get anybody into Starfleet.After watching \"Second Contact\" I figured, well, it's their first episode, they're just finding their feet, at least they can only go up from that. Then I saw \"Envoys\" and whaddya know, the joke was on me.Frankly, it's just as well that Gene Roddenberry is dead as if he were to see this show it would surely kill him.","rating":"2\/10","date":"18 August 2020"}
{"title":"Total garbage","review":"I really cannot understand how someone can think that this show, which basically is like The Griffins in the Star Trek universe, could make any sense. I love Star Trek, I hate The Griffins style of humour, and I think this show should have never existed in the first place. It's total garbage, and an insult to the Star Trek franchise.","rating":"1\/10","date":"10 October 2020"}
{"title":"3 Episodes More Than I Needed and now I Am Done With This Franchise","review":"Its been a rough 10 years: people were barely coming out of the previous \"great\" recession even two years after the fact, people are somehow more ignorant even though the internet literally gives almost anyone access to infinite knowledge, politics and so called \" justice\" have perverted true morality and logic ( which must be why dweebs still like Star Trek and all its tecno fascist expansionist trash), and entertainment has gotten worse and worse in terms of quality ( lack thereof).\nEspecially in the last hand full of years we have seen either remakes, re imaginings and continuations that failed to achieve greatness only to accomplish ruining once beloved franchises. Terminator was already bad by a movie a few years back, but the most recent installment retconned and spat on the series and its fans. Star Wars did the same in the lamest of ways without need as there was more than enough material to base dozens of films and dramas on ( including ones with well thought out female characters too. Shocker) and now Star Trek has actually gotten more pathetic than the prequel to the main series, but sequel to Enterprise; Discovery.\nThat show already made the franchise the epitome of lame nerd culture, to the point that I dont even want to watch Picards own show and continuation of canon storyline. But then came Lower Decks, and my last vestiges of fandom since The Next Generation have faded as they have for all the previous mentioned properties and then some.\nLower Decks was just a pain to watch. Just when I though \" Oh, its by the writer of Rick and MOrty, what could go wrongly?\" yet of course I saw a preview, and at my age, thats all I need to gauge if somethings gonna be terrible. Lesson learned and well cemented in my memory now. The excessively annoying female ensign that tries way too hard to not try at all, yet was obviously the captains daughter was too predictable. Seriously, theres less than a dozen black people in all of Star Trek, let alone main characters. I cant tell if its racist, but considering how even Tolkiens books were way too chock full of bigotry, and most things were based of his works, including Star Trek, it is no wonder why \" this species no likey that species\" blah blah blah...\nUgh.\nYet even with a chick that should be a cool character, this ensign is just constantly berating, belittling and emasculating not only the other main character, one of the only male ensigns the show focuses on, but the broad just talks crap and complains about everything. She practically gets away with whatever she does, and its simply because everyone, including her own family are tired of her. Hence her relogation to the veritable \"pit\" in the lower levels of a star ship. AGAIN.\nI cant take crap like this, nor should anyone. There was a chance to really flesh out the franchise a lot more, which would have been monumentally easy considering how inexpensive and effortless portraying ANYTHING in the animated medium is vs the tasking, expensive work it takes to do a quarter as much in a live action setting. But this show just wanted to be all jokes.\nIts supposed to be Star Trek...not Oroville, which was not much better.\nRest in Peace yet ANOTHER franchise. After the last couple projects...its official.\nBeam me up a couple bottles of real alcohol so I can forget this mess.","rating":"4\/10","date":"25 August 2020"}
{"title":"Not very fun","review":"I enjoyed the last episode of season 1, No Small Parts, because that was the first time it felt as Star Trek, but the rest of the time it's just a comedy show that happens to be in the Star Trek universe. But in the end I think my major problem is that the show isn't very funny.","rating":"2\/10","date":"16 September 2021"}
{"title":"Just an insult!","review":"Sorry I tried to see it as satire or comedy, but I feel offended as a Trekkie. This series is ridiculous fun out of Star Trek. I'm 45 years old, my dad passed away this year and TNG still gives me hope for the future. And now this series that makes all of this ridiculous. After watching this show, I want to burn all my Star-Trek-Stuff.","rating":"1\/10","date":"23 January 2021"}
{"title":"This is what Starfleet would look like without Ritalin","review":"Disappointed. It's like watching Ren & Stimpy with uniforms In the far future.","rating":"2\/10","date":"19 August 2020"}
{"title":"Idiots version of the classic Animated series.","review":"They say you get what you pay for. Lower Decks is completely idiotic. Not funny and dumb..Another Alex Kurtzman failure. Prodigy which is for kids seems to be a major improvement over this cesspool of Kurtzman trash..","rating":"1\/10","date":"4 March 2022"}
{"title":"1 star because I can't go lower than that.","review":"I don't often give 1-star reviews but this simply isn't even good TV. It's annoying, noisy, obnoxious chatter. It's like having a toothache that won't go away and your next door neighbor's kid is banging away at a new drum set.Couldn't make it through the first episode. Jumped ahead 5 episodes, more noise. Jumped ahead a couple of more episodes - even more noise. It doesn't get better. I wonder if even children would enjoy this - it's certainly written in that loud, overt, obnoxious format too many kids cartoons have been written in for decades.What's the craziest part? This mindless drivel was renewed for a second season.","rating":"1\/10","date":"12 December 2020"}
{"title":"Just not funny","review":"I watched the first episode. I'm a real Trekkie. Am I a Trekker? That would depend on who you ask. Saying I've watched every episode of every series and all the films from each franchise... yeah, I'm a Trekker, I suppose.So I thought Lower Decks would be worth it. I was looking for a new comedy series on Amazon so gave it a go.If I just wanted to have another ST series to add to my badges, I would continue. But as I said, I was looking for comedy. That's what it's labelled and billed as.Tbh I've only watched the first episode so some might say I'm being harsh. But it didn't raise a single laugh from me, sorry. Not even the couple of actual jokes that appeared.I might try it again sometime, but I doubt it'll be soon. Most likely never.","rating":"3\/10","date":"23 July 2023"}
{"title":"A mixed bag but a generally decent comedy if you arent a Star Trek fan.","review":"The latest Star Trek tv show seems to be hated by a lot of hardcore fans of the franchise but for newcomers like me (even though I have seen some Star Trek before) is actually not that bad. I found the characters to be mostly sleazy or inmoral in many ways but they were almost always fun to watch, they can however be a bit annoying sometimes, mainly due to the comedy, which I think often tries too hard.The plots and the overall world that we are presented with on the show are not its strenght. The pacing may be another problem too, I think it goes by way too fast, theres a lot going on and it moves too quickly from one place to another, no real time to breath or to get attached to the characters. I heard some people say that its sexist or racist against white males, and while that may be true its not overtly expressed in the show, its only implied and they do show flaws in just about every character so its not just the white males or males being ridiculed. Its fine in that aspect, not as bad as in some other shows specially since this has been happening as far as the 80s.The animation is ok, the character designs are kind of a mix bag, some look good and some look awul but I would say that I really dont like it as a whole, it feels way too Rick and Morty for me, much like its comedy, not a terrible show to take a few things from but not that good to begin with.Non-Star Trek fans may find enjoyment out of it but I am afraid that people who know about the movies and tv shows that came before will not like it one bit. I say that because I am aware in how it betrays some themes and ideas that ST has stablished by now (At least as far I know). As bad as Star Wars got with Disney I gotta say this isnt on the same level but its still not as good as it can be. I wish they continue to make the show better for future seasons and for them to perhaps redeem the show for fans so both sectors of the public can have a good time with it.","rating":"5\/10","date":"16 August 2020"}
{"title":"What an incredible disappointment!","review":"We love Star Trek and were looking forward to this new series. We couldn't make it through the first episode of this crap show. It's not funny, smart or witty. The dialogue is stupid and the characters were annoying; especially \"Beckett\", who left me wondering if she was on drugs, had A.D.D. or some mental disorder. What a missed opportunity by CBS and the creators. It is nothing you would expect from the Star Trek name.","rating":"1\/10","date":"15 August 2020"}
{"title":"Spoof on Star Trek","review":"20+ minutes of nothing but yelling. Just nonsense, anger, and yelling. I can get that from the news.","rating":"1\/10","date":"24 October 2020"}
{"title":"Gene must be rolling over in his grave....","review":"My daughter put this on and I must admit I have been watching Star Trek since the late 60's and I really hope this series is suck up by a black hole and never seen again. First off Star Trek is not a joke after joke, and it does not need to start being that way. Second, what does Star trek have to do with the constant swearing... Granted a few damm or SOB here or there is fine, but swearing does not have to be place in every episode, just because. I mean if you compare the language in Lower Deck to ALL of the earlier Star Trek series combined, it still is in the lead to the amount of swearing used. Star Trek ideals was the the human race evolved into one race and working together bettering themselves, once you design the show to be more like the current time line shows available on TV these days, isn't that reversing the whole idea of Star Trek? And why is is only the black characters that swear? Should have they evolved by the year this program is placed? You never saw Worf or Geordi in Next Generation act the way as the characters of lower decks do. This series is like the idea of having Quentin Tarantino possibly making a future Star Trek movie that is rated R. Why? Does it really need to be made? The only market this is designed for is adults, and being TV-MA it is not even suitable for kids, as the rest of Star Trek series are. Rick and Morty was at least created with all ages in mind, and it is available for kids and I like that program. I was hoping for better.","rating":"1\/10","date":"20 August 2020"}
{"title":"Meh!","review":"All I kept thinking was 'this ain't as good as Rick & Morty'. I don't know if it's done by the same guys, but the characters look similar to the R&M characters, (like Futurama and The Simpsons do).But man...this was nothing like R&M, it's God awful! Unfunny, slow, stereotypical characters with the traits to match. I even struggled to watch a measly 20 minute episode.More like a Saturday morning cartoon for preteens, than whatever it's trying to be.","rating":"3\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Can't believe I found a cartoon character irritating!!!","review":"I love cartoons and a big Star Trek fan. But oh my days! The screeching of the Mariner character is beyond irritating. After a few episodes I just quit!\nFunny premise though.","rating":"3\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"So close...","review":"Made it over 2 seasons before the series started taking a detour through San Francisco. Picking up every ridiculous fetish along the way. Well I'm done. Have had enough of these June parades and pandering. Looking forward to the day when this stupidity is shoved back into the closet. We desperately need a new generation of writers\nMade it over 2 seasons before the series started taking a detour through San Francisco. Picking up every ridiculous fetish along the way. Well I'm done. Have had enough of these June parades and pandering. Looking forward to the day when this stupidity is shoved back into the closet. We desperately need a new generation of writers.","rating":"2\/10","date":"3 January 2024"}
{"title":"To badly go","review":"Star Trek: Lower Decks is further proof, were any more proof necessary, that Star Trek is a Property which Paramount hates. By handing the film rights over to Abrams\/Bad Robot and the TV rights over to Kurtzman\/Secret Hideout they have, effectively, destroyed a once profitable IP. Lower Decks is mostly written by hacks who can't write using a cheap animation house using an absurdly dated technique. I assume to maximise the Secret Hideout profit margins. I long for the days when streaming platforms will be required by law to publish their viewing figures because this is garbage and, were I not emotionally bound to Star Trek, I should have ceased watching this trash after the very first episode.","rating":"2\/10","date":"28 October 2022"}
{"title":"This show ruined the original series\/movies.","review":"I know many people will disagree with me, THIS SHOW LITERALLY RUINED THE MOVIES AND SERIES!!!!","rating":"1\/10","date":"6 November 2020"}
{"title":"Rick and Morty do their best take on Star Trek","review":"That's my review.If you're into Rick and Morty - you'll love this.If you think Rick and Morty is overrated and tired, then this won't change your opinion of Star Trek.","rating":"2\/10","date":"9 March 2022"}
{"title":"I don't get this show at all.","review":"Well, as a young child I remember watching TOS with my dad and I did not get the appeal of the show at all. This was because my child brain was developed enough to appreciate the craftsmanship of the show. Well, fast forward 40 years and I have reach the age where I believe I am TOO OLD to appreciate Lower Decks.Star Trek wears many hats --- Sci Fi, drama, suspense, horror, comedy, mystery and that is why it has endured for nearly 60 years. Lower Decks is advertised as a comedy but I just binged watch the first 3 seasons and I did not laugh once ---- I had a smile here and there but I found nothing clever enough to warrant a full on belly laugh.It is clear that Lower Decks wants to be the irreverent or 'edgy' star trek series that pushes back against the 'stuffy right stuff' image of starfleet officers. Well, it succeeds. The problem is that I don't like most of the characters --- Mariner eventually wore me down enough over three seasons that I almost like her sometimes (last episode of S3 as an example).This show is truly beloved by a vast swatch of the star trek community and I look at these people like they are from another planet. Is it the references? Is it the edgy swearing? What makes this show standout to people? This is a love letter to star trek or does it use star trek as a punching bag? You know where I stand.There are a few clever moments \/ episodes that are peppered throughout the series but I feel like I need to smoke a joint and somehow travel back to when I was 14 to truly appreciate the artistic vision that McMann was going for.","rating":"4\/10","date":"4 August 2023"}
{"title":"Star Trek it's dead and done!!!!!!","review":"I don't get Star Trek new direction. This one or discovery. It's done.","rating":"2\/10","date":"15 October 2020"}
{"title":"Obnoxious \"strong female lead\"","review":"Female lead is obnoxious AF, making it almost unwatchable.","rating":"4\/10","date":"24 January 2021"}
{"title":"Depressing and painful","review":"The good news is that's it's an interesting idea and it looks good. The bad news is that it's a depressing series that is painful to watch. It appears to have been written by teenagers who are constantly throwing hissy fits. And, hilariously, they recently discovered some swear words and love to giggle about them. I watched five episodes: three of them from season one, two from season two in the hope things had improved. They hadn't. In fact, one of the story lines from season two almost exactly paralleled a story from season one.So, what's the depressing part? I'm not sure what the target audience is. It's not only too immature for adults but for children too. There are guests from the Star Trek universe such as Q and Troi. And while they provide some interest, ultimately it becomes depressing to see them associate themselves with this program. Also hard to believe that with the great wealth of material to draw upon, the writers manage so few amusing or interesting stories, characters or even memorable lines. But most depressing is that the producers of this show have so little regard for Star Trek fans that they think they can put out this tripe and expect us to watch.","rating":"3\/10","date":"26 January 2022"}
{"title":"Only someone who hates Star Trek would watch this.","review":"I know Kurtzman and Secret Hideout hate the fans of the original show, and everything the original shows stood for, but honestly, why keep allowing them to void their collective bowels all over the Star Trek franchise? The show isn't funny, well written, or interesting. In fact it goes out of its way to say \"Hey, if you're a fan of any type of Star Trek, we hate you and you're an idiot.\" Cheap jokes, cliche characters, no real insight or thoughtfulness, didn't even feel like Star Trek. Why the hell would anyone watch this type of \"humor.\" Only someone who hates the real Star Trek series would watch this.","rating":"1\/10","date":"9 October 2023"}
{"title":"Wow, this is bad","review":"The main character is acts like Rick form Rick and Morty at his worst, yet is supposed to be some amazing, better-than-everyone-else, wonderful character. She's mean to everyone, she's sexist, she's xenophobic, she's ignorant, she refuses to read reports, she hates regulations , I'm honestly surprised she hasn't blown herself up by defiance against instructions, she thinks boundaries and privacy are for other people. Her favorite target is the guy who pays attention and follows rules, which, for someone is bad now in this hateful attempt at being Star Trek.Even if you ignore her and just treat her as a villain (which she acts like), every episode is riddled with plotholes and continuity errors. It's as if the creators read a plot summary or just cherry picked random words and wrote and episodes about it when Alpha memory exists online for free and only takes a few seconds to read.The TNG episode of Lower Decks is far superior.","rating":"1\/10","date":"8 October 2021"}
{"title":"Proliferation of profanity","review":"People argue that when they swear they're venting their emotions uncontrollable. Which is why I don't understand when people swear in writing or as characters in media because you have time to edit what you produce before you present it. This series like many modern productions is spoiled by the proliferation of profanity. Even though it's bleeped out you can still hear what the word was and it is offensive the latest episode about the betazoids was one of the worst. If you can bleep it out why not just edit it out.This program would be just as funny without the bleeped out verbal diarrhoea.","rating":"1\/10","date":"30 September 2023"}
{"title":"High hopes.... Gone.","review":"I hoped this was going to be good, every story is degrading to the brand. There are no positive role models on the show. The main characters are just complete jokes. It's like a parody of Star Trek. It completely misses the point of what Star Trek is, I can't see how this will ever inspire people the same way the original shows did.","rating":"1\/10","date":"3 September 2021"}
{"title":"I love all Star Trek. Not Star Trek.","review":"Every time a new Star Trek show comes out people complain about it. I keep an open mind and always end up enjoying it. I have seen every Star Trek show and every episode at least twice. This show however is so bad I don't think I can. Everyone is horrible to each other. It is not funny and witty like Futurama or thought provoking like Rick and Morty. The Orville was a version of Star Trek with a few jokes and I enjoy it. This is nothing but bad jokes with a little Star Trek and I hate it. Even when they throw in the Star Trek tidbits it often feels more insulting than part of that universe. I think this may be my lowest IMDB score ever. Will try to keep watching but I really don't want to.","rating":"2\/10","date":"14 August 2020"}
{"title":"Run-of-the-mill animation to cash in on Star Trek","review":"I thought this will be similar to \"The Clone Wars\" (from Star Wars). The Clone Wars is brilliant in the way it fills in the Star Wars story. Dave Filoni poured his heart out into that one. Lower Decks is nothing like that though. You'll be better be better-off watching South Park or Simpsons or some Disney. Anything else if you want animation.There's a certain calm in Star Trek dialogue exchanges: In Lower Decks the characters are shouting like a generic Disney-esque characters. It feels like the producers just outsourced the contract to some animation studio. I don't know if the writers\/directors even understood what makes Star Trek good. (I have similar problem with Star Trek: Discovery. I pushed through Season 1, but I just couldn't watch anymore).","rating":"2\/10","date":"28 August 2021"}
{"title":"its Trash but it's Star Trek trash","review":"One word describes this show...\n\"Idiotic\", I love the Star Trek affiliation and that's about it, it was a face plam for the let down of Picard but its a double face palm for Lower DicksI will admit its a lot easier to watch at 4-8 times speed normal playing speed","rating":"1\/10","date":"26 January 2021"}
{"title":"What the... Frak?","review":"Yes, it's a cartoon. Yes, it's a parody. But no one ever said it had to sink to such a low level of humor (pun intended). First episode has farts, zombies, gore, blood, gigantic spiders and nude Olympians. If that's your level of 'funny', then go right ahead! I you want an intelligent Star Trek parody, might I suggest Seth MacFarlane's brilliant 'The Orville\" instead? You might actually retain all of your brain cells.","rating":"1\/10","date":"9 November 2020"}
{"title":"So painful to watch...","review":"Predictable, uninteresting and treats women like there idiots. If this is what passes for comedy these days then we really have scrape the bottom of the barrel...","rating":"1\/10","date":"30 September 2021"}
